Wedding Night

A woman from Alabama, who knew absolutely nothing about sex, fell in   love with a man and agreed to marry him.  The honeymoon went well and was great fun, but as soon as she got home,   she went to see her doctor to question him on some of the new things   she'd seen.    

"What can I help you with?  he asked. 
  
 Well first, what is that thing between my husband's legs   called?    
  
 Ma'am,  he answered,  that there is called a penis.   
  
 I see,  she said.  Now what is the big thing on the end of the penis   called?    
  
 Why that there is called the head of   the penis.    
  
 I do declare!  exclaimed the young woman.  One last question doctor,   what are those two big round things about 12 to 14 inches behind the   head of the penis?   
  
 I'm not sure about your husband, ma'am, but on me,   they're called the cheeks of my ass!   
','0');
Tips for Traveling in the South

 --If it can't be fried in bacon grease it ain't worth eating.
 
 -- If you run your car into a ditch don't panic. Four men in the cab of a four-wheel-drive truck with a 12-pack of beer and a tow chain will be along shortly. Don't try to help just stay out of their way -- this is what they live for.
 
 -- Don't be surprised to find boiled peanuts movie rentals and fishing bait in the same store.
 
 -- Remember: Y'all is singular. All y'all is plural. All y'all's is plural possessive.
 
 -- Don't be worried that you don't understand anyone. They don't understand you either.
 
 -- If you hear a Southerner exclaim Hey y'all watch this! -- stay out of his way. These are likely the last words he will ever say.
 
 -- If you see a turn signal blinking on a car with a southern license plate you may rest assured that it was on when the car was purchased.
 
 -- Satellite dishes are very popular in the South. They are to be positioned directly in front of one's trailer since it cost considerably more than the trailer and should therefore be displayed.
 
 -- As you are cursing the person driving 15 mph in a 55 mph zone directly in the middle of the road remember: many Southerners learned to drive on a John Deere and this is the proper speed and lane position for that vehicle.
 
 -- You can ask a Southerner for directions but unless you already know the positions of key hills trees and rocks you're better off trying to find it yourself.  
','0');
Jet Fuel Alcoholics

Two airplane mechanics named Bob and Tim work at Atlanta airport.  Atlanta gets fogged in one night and nothing can take off or land so Bob and Tim have nothing to do.  After work Bob and Tim usally have a drink on their way home so Bob says to Tim ?I heard that you can get a buzz off drinking jet fuel.?  Since they have nothing better to do they try it.  Finally their shift is over and they get to go home.  Next morning Bob calls Tim and says ?How are you feeling??  Tim says he's fine never felt better. Bob asks ?Do you have a hangover??  Tim says no.  Then Tim says ?Wow this is great!  We can drink all we want and not get a hangover.?  Then Bob says ?Well there is one side effect Tim.  Have you farted yet??  Tim says ?No why??
 Bob says ?I'm calling you from Detroit!?  
','0');
The Redneck's Milk

How did the redneck die drinking milk?       
The cow sat on him!  
','0');
Workin' Man at the Restaurant

A man with greasy jeans a flannel shirt and work boots approaches the headwaiter in an elegant restaurant.
 The man says Hey buddy where's your crapper?
 The headwaiter calmly replies Go down the hall and turn left. When you see the sign marked 'Gentlemen' pay absolutely no attention to it and go right inside.  
','0');
Rusted Truck

You might be a redneck if you drive a rusted out pickup with a chrome balespike.  
','0');
Redneck Marriage

How can you tell if a redneck is married?
 There is tobacco spit stains on BOTH sides of his pickup truck.  
','0');
Redneck Visitor?

How do you know if a redneck has been in your house?   
All your garbage is gone and your dog is pregnant.  
','0');
Old Joe

A farmer is in the middle of plowing his field when his tractor runs out of gas. He needs to get back to the farm but it's too far for him and his dog Old Joe to walk.
 
 He wanders out to the road and flags down a sports car. The driver says I'll give you a ride but that dog can't get in my car.
 
 The farmer says Don't worry. Old Joe will keep up.
 
 The driver decides to show off and open up the engine for max speed. Just as he's going into fifth gear he looks out the window and sees Old Joe right beside him. In amazement he slams on the brakes and Old Joe comes to a halt.
 
 The driver jumps out exclaiming He's the most incredible dog I've ever seen! Is there something special about that collar he's wearing?
 
 The farmer shakes his head and says That's not a collar. That's his a**hole. He's not used to stopping that fast.  
','0');
The Lucky Salesman

A woman goes into a adult toy shop to buy a dildo. She sees one behind the counter and tells the salesman I want that one!  
He replies, It's not for sale.  
The woman says, Please I want that one, again he says it's not for sale.  
The woman says, I'll give you a hundred dollars for it. and the salesman says, Well, okay.  
Five minutes later, his boss walks in and asks, How's business today?  
The salesman replied, It's pretty slow but I just made a hundred dollars off of my thermos.  
','0');
Rules of the Southern Lifestyle

All good Southerners already know these but in fairness  to those Yankees who were dumb enough to stay down here:    
1.  Don't order a steak at a Waffle House. They serve breakfast 24 hrs a day, so let them cook something they know.     
2.  Don't laugh at people's names. Merleen, Bodie, Luther Ray, Tammy Ann, Mari Beth, and Inez have all been known to whip a man's ass for less than that.     
3.  Don't order a bottle of pop or a can of soda -- this can lead to a merciless beating. Down South it's called Coke, even if you want a Pepsi.     
4.  Don't show allegiances to any college football squad that isn't an SEC team. All the others are a bunch of candy asses who get to play Wyoming every week.     
5.  Don't refer to Southerner's as a bunch of hillbillies. Many of us are/have been more literate than you (e.g. Welty, Williams, Faulkner), better educated, and generally much nicer to boot.  We've got plenty of business sense (e.g.Turner Broadcasting, MCI WorldCom, MTV, and Netscape). Naturally, we can have lapses of judgment from time to time (e.g. Clinton, Fordice, Duke). We don't care if you think we're dumb, we know better!   
6.  We are fully aware that the humidity is high. Quit your bitching, spend your money, and leave.     
7.  Don't order wheat toast at the Cracker Barrel. If you do this, everyone will know you're from Ohio. Eat the biscuits like God intended and for goodness sake, don't put sugar in your grits.    
8.  Don't attempt to fake a Southern accent.  Nothing will incite a riot faster.     
9.  Don't go around talking about how much better it is back home.  If you don't like it here, take your Yankee ass back home.     
10. We don't play lacrosse, hockey or any of those other sissy ass Northern games, so don't ask about the scores. We...simply...don't...care.     
11. We know how to speak proper English, we talk this way because we want to and we can. It's like playing jazz, you have to know how to do it right first.     
12. Last, but by no means least...DO NOT try to tell us how to Bar-B-Q. This could lead to permanent expulsion and revocation of your work visa.    Consider yourself just damn lucky that we let you come down here in the first place. Don't push your luck!  
','0');
What drug was the duck on...

What drug was the duck on? 
Qwack!   
','0');
Watermelon

Three girls named Samantha Janet and Rebecca were driving through the country when all of a sudden their car stalls. Samantha remembers seeing a farm a little ways back so her and Janet walk to the farm leaving Rebecca guarding the car.  
When Samantha and Janet get to the farm, they tell the farmer what happened. The farmer   raises a gun to their head and tells them to get a fruit, vegetable, whatever, just get something from the garden. Samantha grabs a turnip, and Janet grabs a single grape. Just as they come back into the farmer's house, Rebecca walks in. He tells Rebecca to do the same as they just did, and Rebecca heads off towards the garden. While she's out in the garden, the farmer tells Samantha and Janet to shove whatever they have up their ass, and who ever laughs, dies.  Samantha laughs first, so the farmer shoots her. Then Janet laughs and she gets killed too.  
So they are floating out of their bodies, and Janet asks Samantha why she died. Samantha said that the thought of sticking a turnip up your ass was just too funny. Samantha then asked Janet why she laughed, Janet said: I saw Rebecca coming around the corner with a watermelon!  
','0');
Pig Farmer

A city slicker went to the country to buy a pig.    When he approached the pig farmer he asked for a 25-pound pig.  The pig farmer put the pig's tail in his mouth and bobbed his head up and down.  He   then told the city slicker that the pig was too heavy -- it was 30 pounds.  The city slicker told the farmer he didn't believe that was the way to weigh pigs.  The farmer called his son over and asked him to weigh the pig.  The son put the pig's   tail in his mouth bobbed his head a couple of times and said the pig weighed 30 pounds.  The city slicker said the farmer and his son were putting him on.  The farmer told his son to go get his mother and have her come out and weigh the pig.  The son went into the house and after a few   minutes came out again. 
Mom's weighing the mailman.  
','0');
Ngaio Bealum: Love Rednecks

I love rednecks. I have a heart of a redneck -- in a jar.  
','0');
Redneck Booty Call... Truck

That's why they call it a pick-up truck!
   
','0');
Walks Into a Bar... Horsing Around

A farmer walks into a bar with a horse. He says I will give any of you $1000 if you can make my horse laugh.
 
 A man yells I'll take that bet and leads the horse into the men's room.
 
 After a couple seconds a loud braying laugh is heard from behind the door. The farmer screams to the man OK I'll give you $2000 if you can make my horse cry.
 
 The man shouts You're on!
 
 After a few more seconds the man exits with the horse trudging behind him with tears streaming down his long-snout. Flabbergasted the farmer asks How did you do it?
 
 The man replies I said that my d**k was bigger than his and he laughed. Then I showed it to him.  
','0');
Okie Jokie

Q: What do they call pall bearers in Oklahoma?     
 A: Carry-Oakies   
','0');
Farm Fugitives

A Welshman an Englishman and a Irishman were being chased by Farmer Giles with a shotgun. After 10 minutes of running they spotted a barn and ran inside.   
Once inside they each hid in a old sack against the barn wall. The farmer went into the barn but did not see where they went, he was about to turn back when he saw three suspicious looking sacks.  He walked forward and prodded the first sack with his gun.  The Englishman inside said...  Meow'.' 
     Just cats, he thought. 
He then prodded the second sack.  The Welshman, hearing how the Englishman got off said...  Woof'.' 
Just dogs, he thought.  
As he walked towards the last sack, the Irishman worked out what he was going to say.  As soon as the farmer prodded his sack he said...  Potatoes!   
','0');
Yo' Mama Is So Redneck... Mobile Home

Yo' Mama so redneck she thought an elevator was a mobile home.  
','0');
The Farmer and the Prostitute

Q: What's the difference between an epileptic farmer and a prostitute with diarrhea?
 
 A: The farmer shucks between fits.  
','0');
Girls From Kentucky

Q: What do you get when you line up 12 girls from Kentucky?  
 
 A: A full set of teeth.  
','0');
Bird Brained

Two Irishmen walk into a pet shop. Right away they go to the bird section and Sean says to Paddy; Dat s Dem. The shopkeeper comes over and asks if he can help. 
Yeah, we ll take four of dem dere budgies in dat cage op dere, says Mick, Put dem in a pepper bag  
The shopkeeper does as asked and the two pay for the birds and leave. They get into Mick s van and drive until they reach a cliff with a 500ft drop.   
Dis looks loike a grand place, says Mick.   
He then takes the two birds out of the bag, places them on his shoulders and jumps off the cliff. 
Paddy watches as his friend drops off the edge and goes straight down for a few seconds followed by a loud Splat! 
As Paddy looks over the edge of the cliff he shakes his head. 
Focket Dat, Paddy says, dis budgie jumpin  is too dangerous for me... 
A few minutes later, Seamus approaches. He too has been to the pet shop andis carrying the familiar 'pepper bag.'  
Seamus pulls a parrot out of the bag and Paddy notices that in the other hand Seamus is carrying a gun. 
Watch this Paddy he says, as he launches himself over the edge of the cliff.  
Paddy watches as half way down Seamus takes the gun and blows the parrot s head off. Seamus continues to plummet until he joins Sean s mashed remains at the bottom of the cliff.  
Paddy shakes his head and says, An oim never troyin  that parrotshooting oider... 
After a few minutes,  Danny strolls up. He too has been to the pet shop and walks up with his 'pepper bag.' 
Danny pulls a chicken out of the bag.  He puts the chicken above his head, holds its legs and launches himself off the cliff with the same result.  
Once more Paddy shakes his head. 
For me life Danny, first der was Sean wit his budgie jumpin, den Seamus parrotshooting and now you fockin  hengliding...  
','0');
NASCAR

What does NASCAR stand for? 
Non 
Athletic 
Sport 
Created 
Around 
Rednecks  
','0');
Crossin' the River

A Kentucky redneck and an Ohio buckeye are night fishing on their respective sides of the Ohio River.
 
 As soon as the redneck puts his line in the water he slings a fish onto the bank. The buckeye isn't catching anything so he yells across to the redneck Buddy I'd sure like to be on your side of the river!
 
 Alright tell ya what -- I'll shine my flashlight 'cross this river and you can walk across this little beam of light! the redneck yells back.
 
 The buckeye replies Ain't no way buddy. You must think I'm a fool. I know when I get halfway 'cross you'll turn your flashlight off!  
','0');
132 legs and 8 teeth

Q: What has 132 legs and 8 teeth?     
A: The front row of a Garth Brooks concert!    
','0');
A Beautiful Woman Loves Growing Tomatoes

A beautiful woman loves to garden but can't seem to get her tomatoes to turn red. She asks her neighbor What do you do to get your tomatoes red? 
He replies, Twice a day I stand in front of my tomato garden and expose myself. My tomatoes turn red from blushing so much. 
The woman decides to do the same thing. So twice a day for two weeks she exposes herself to the garden. Her neighbor asks, How did it go? Did you tomatoes turn red? 
No, she replies, but my cucumbers are enormous.  
','0');
Lost in West Virginia Memories

A reporter goes to the hills of West Virginia to research an article about the area. He meets an old man and asks him about memorable moments in his life. 
 Well says the old man one time my favorite sheep got lost. Me and my neighbors got some moonshine and went looking for it. We finally found the sheep. Then we finished the moonshine and wound up screwing the sheep. It was a lot of fun.
 The reporter asks for another story.
 Well says the old man one time my neighbor's pig got lost so me and all the village men got some moonshine and went out looking for her. We finally found the pig. Then we finished the moonshine and screwed it. Now that was a lot of fun.
 The frustrated reporter tells the old man that he can't write articles about these stories and asks if he has any sad memories he can talk about.
 The old man says Well one time I got lost... .  
','0');
Redneck Sex Ed

Why did the redneck school stop teaching sex ed?       
They needed the car for driver's ed.   
','0');
Space Shuttle Redneck

Q: How'd the redneck get lost in space?
 A: He rolled down the window to spit out his chaw.  
','0');
Backwoods High Tech

Backup - What you do when you run across a skunk in the woods.
 Bug - The reason you give for calling in sick.
 Byte - What your pitbull done to cousin Jethro.
 Chip - Pasture muffins that you try not to step in.
 Terminal - Time to call the undertaker.
 Crash - When you go to Junior's party uninvited.
 Digital - The art of counting on your fingers.
 Diskette - Female Disco dancer.
 Fax - What you lie about to the IRS.
 Hacker - Uncle Leroy after 32 years of smoking.
 Hardcopy - Picture looked at when selecting tattoos.
 Internet - Where cafeteria workers put their hair.
 Keyboard - Where you hang the keys to the John Deere.
 Mac - Big Bubba's favorite fast food.
 Megahertz - How your head feels after 17 beers.
 Modem - What you do when the grass gets too high.
 Mouse Pad - Where Mickey and Minnie live.
 Network - Scooping up a big fish before it breaks the line.
 ROM - Where the pope lives.
 Screen - Keeps mosquitoes off the porch.
 Serial Port - A red wine you drink with breakfast.
 Superconductor - Amtrak's Employee of the year.
 SCSI (pronounced scuzzi) - What you call your week-old underwear.  
','0');
Choking Victim

While eating at their favorite diner two Texans hear an awful choking sound. They turn around to see a lady turning blue.
 
 The first Texan rises hitches up his jeans and walks over to the lady. He asks Can you breathe? She shakes her head no. Can you speak? he asks. She again shakes her head no.
 
 With that he helps her to her feet lifts up her skirt and starts to lick her butt. Shocked the woman coughs up the obstruction and begins to breathe.
 
 The first Texan turns back to his friend and says Amazing how that there Hind Lick Maneuver works every time!  
','0');
Salesman: A New One
 Really
A travelling salesman's car breaks down in the middle of nowhere. He gets out and tries to find something close by -- and comes upon a farm. Not believing his luck he knocks on the door and a farmer answers.  
Sir, says the salesman. Could you help me? My car's broken down, and I need a place to stay for the night. 
Sure, says the farmer. But I only have one bed, and my very, very ugly daughter sleeps there. 
Oh, crap, says the salesman. I'm in the wrong joke.  
','0');
The Fishing Spot

One day Bob and Bubba went fishing. They were catching a lot of fish so they wanted to figure out how to remember this part if the lake.  
Bob said,  I know. I can spit in the water!   
But Bubba said,   No! How will we know it's your spit?   
They thought and thought and finally Bob said,   I know. We can draw an 'X'  right here on the side of the boat!  
 But Bubba said  No, no, Bob. That won't work! How will we know that we get the same boat next time?   
','0');
Airplane Hijinx

Two women one from the north and one from the south are seated next to one another on a plane.  
Where you flyin' to? says the southern woman. The northern woman turns up her nose. 
Don't you know you should NEVER end a sentence with a preposition? The southern woman thinks about this for a second. 
Where you flyin' to, bitch?  
','0');
North vs. South Fairy Tale Showdown

What's the difference between a Northern and a Southern Fairy Tale? 
 
 The Norther Fairy Tale begins with Once upon a time... The Southern Fairy Tale begins with Y'all ain't gonna believe this s**t...  
','0');
Redneck on the Radio

A redneck calls into a radio advice show and asks  If I get divorced from my wife does that mean she ain't my sister any more?   
','0');
Redneck Honeymoon

A redneck couple gets married and are on their honeymoon.  The woman changes into a sexy outfit and lies on the bed.  She looks sheepishly up at her new hubby and whispers Please be gentle with me.  I'm a virgin.   
The man gets up screaming, grabs his trousers and runs home to tell his father.   
His father comforts him by saying, Now, now. It'll be okay, son.   If she wasn't good enough for her own family, then she isn't good enough for ours.  
','0');
Ark-N-Saw

A new law recently passed in Arkansas.
  When a couple is divorced they can still legally be brother and sister.  
','0');
Two hicks at a toy store

Two hicks brought home a puzzle one day and sat down to solve it. A week later they finished the puzzle. 
Well, that didn't take so durn long, said one of them. 
Naw, it didn't. 'Specially considering it says 3-5 years on the box.  
','0');
Redneck Spelling Test

You know you're a redneck if you're part of the KKK but you can't spell it.  
','0');
The Toothbrush Salesman

Three guys begin work at a toothbrush company as salesmen. Each day two of the guys sell twenty toothbrushes each and the third guy consistently sells two hundred. The other two guys are jealous but they can't figure out his secret. Then one day they run into him at the mall where he's set up a tobacco dip sample table. 
This is your secret? says the first guy. 
Try some dip, says the third. They both take a little bit o' dip. 
Ech! says the second guy. This tastes like s**t! 
It is s**t. Would you like to buy a toothbrush?  
','0');
How to Circumcise a Redneck

How do you circumcise a redneck?   
Kick his sister in the chin!  
','0');
Egg-Laying

Egg-Laying 
Why does a chicken lay eggs? Because if she dropped them, they'd break  
','0');
The Ghost

On a rainy night three guys were driving through the countryside. Their car broke down so they went to a nearby farm. The farmer said I only have one spare room but two of you can sleep in other places. So they went to the first place and said Who wants to sleep under the clothes chute? The first guy said I will. So they went to the second place. The farmer said Who wants to sleep above the chute? The second guy said I will. Then the third guy said I guess I get the bedroom. 
Later that night, the second guy had to take a shit, so he s**t in some sheets and put it down the chute. The next morning, the third guy asked the second guy third guy asked the first guy how he slept, and he said, I slept fine except I saw a ghost and beat the s**t out of it.  
','0');
That's a Woman's Job

One day Farmer Brown went behind his barn and found to his dismay that his son Jeb was jerking  off. He vowed to his son that he was going to help him find a wife so he would not have to be doing this.   
Sure enough, the father was able to find a suitable bride just right down the road and the couple was married shortly thereafter.    Six weeks later the farmer was again going behind   the barn and caught his son vigorously jerking off. The farmer went berzerk. 
Why are you still doing this, why aren't you with your wife?    
Aw Paw, said the son,  Her little old arm gets so tired.  
','0');
Food for the Hungry

Three drifters are roaming the countryside for some time. They come upon a small farmhouse with crops planted around it. They are very hungry thirsty and tired so the first guy suggests they steal some food.  
The second says they should ask for food, so he then goes up and knocks on the door and an old, ugly lady answers. He asks for food and she agrees - but only under one condition. They must have sex with her.  
The first drifter says no, the lady is too ugly, and goes back into the woods.  
The third guy is very hungry and agrees. He enters the cottage and goes into a corner near a pile of corn to transact his business with the old lady. The old lady is ready, but the guy says he'll only do it if she's blindfolded.  
So she puts on a blindfold and bends over. Quickly the guy grabs an ear of corn and sticks it inside the old lady, then throws it out the window. The woman says, Again, and the man does the same thing. Satisfied, she gives the man some food and he leaves. As he is walking out of the farmhouse, he comes upon the other two guys.  
Guess what? the first guy says, while you screwed that old hag we found two ears of cream corn!  
','0');
Brake Fluid Addiction

A mechanic noticed his co-worker drinking brake fluid at lunch.
 
 What are you doing man? You can't drink that stuff!
 
 Relax replied his co-worker this stuff tastes pretty good and I don't drink it all the time.
 
 Seriously the mechanic exclaimed that brake fluid is poison!
 
 Hey man yelled the co-worker back off! I can stop any time I want.  
','0');
Redneck Booty Call... Engines

Gentlemen start your engines!
   
','0');
Shoot The Pig

A farmhand is driving 'round the farm checking the fences. After a few minutes he radios his boss and says Boss I've got a problem. I hit a pig on the road and he's stuck in thebull-bars of my truck. He's still wriggling ? what should I do?   
In the back of your truck there's a shotgun. Shoot the pig in the head and when it stops wriggling you can pull it out and throw it in a bush.  
The farm worker agrees and signs off. About 10 minutes later he radios back. Boss I did what you said, I shot the pig and dragged it out and threw it in a bush. 
So what's the problem now? his Boss snapped.  
The blue light on his bike is still flashing!  
','0');
Remarks Never Heard at Daytona 500

-- None for me thanks. That Skoal will do a number on your teeth.
 
 -- Tampax! Get your Tampax here!
 
 -- Hey shut up! I can't hear the race!
 
 -- Sex with your sister? Man that's sick.
 
 -- My God this is a splendid Merlot.
 
 -- Hey you with the large breasts out of the way. We're trying to watch a race here.
 
 -- Jeeves be a good man and retrieve the Wall Street Journal from my attach  case. Then fetch me some clotted cream for my scone.
 
 -- What a coincidence Hank all my friends are boycotting Hooters too.
 
 -- These are even better seats than we had for the Lionel Richie concert.
 
 -- Good morning Mr. Trickle. We at 'Depends' understand you're looking for a new corporate sponsor.
 
 -- Filling in for Dale 'The Intimidator' Earnhardt today is substitute driver Michael 'Lord of the Dance' Flatley.
 
 -- And now singing our national anthem international recording artist Boy George.  
','0');
North vs. South

   
The North has sun-dried toe-mah-toes
   The South has 'mater samiches   
The North has coffeehouses
   The South has Waffle Houses   
The North has dating services
   The South has family reunions   
The North has switchblade knives
   The South has Lee Press-on Nails   
The North has double last names
   The South has double first names   
The North has Ted Kennedy
   The South has Jesse Helms   
The North has an ambulance
   The South has an amalance   
The North has the Mafia
   The South has NASCAR   
The North has Indy car races
   The South has Swamp Buggy races   
The North has Cream of Wheat or Oatmeal
   The South has grits   
The North has green salads
   The South has collard greens and chitlins   
The North has lobsters
   The South has crawdads   
The North has Distilleries, Breweries, and  liquor stores
   The South has stills, shine, and them ridgerunners   
The North has the rust belt
   The South has the Bible Belt   
The North has Dan Quayle
   The South has Bill Clinton   
','0');
Cowboy Talks to the Animals

A cowboy passes by a ranch and strikes up a conversation with the rancher sitting by the gate.
 
 The cowboy asks the rancher Mind if I talk to your dog over there?
 
 Damn fool don't you know dogs can't talk?
 
 The cowboy replies So what's the harm?
 
 The rancher shrugs Go right ahead.
 
 The cowboy ambles up to the dog and says Howdy! The dog replies Hello.
 
 The rancher's eyes pop wide open.
 
 The cowboy continues Does your master here treat you alright?
 
 Sure does. He feeds me lets me sleep inside and every day he takes me to the lake.
 
 The cowboy asks the shocked rancher Mind if I talk to your horse over there?
 
 The rancher replies Now I don't know what you're up to but I know for a fact that horses can't talk.
 
 Well then what's the harm?
 
 Go right ahead says the rancher.
 
 The cowboy says to the horse Hello. The horse replies Hello.
 
 The rancher's jaw drops.
 
 The cowboy asks Your owner here treat you OK?
 
 Sure replies the horse tossing his mane. He rides me every day brushes me down feeds me good and he keeps me in the barn out of the bad weather.
 
 The cowboy looks satisfied and turns to the rancher Are those your sheep over there?
 
 The rancher looks alarmed and stammers Listen -- them sheep out there they're -- they're nothing but a bunch of liars!  
','0');
Redneck Wins the Lottery

A Redneck buys a ticket and wins the lottery.  He goes to Austin to claim it where the man verifies his ticket number. 
The Redneck says, I want my $20 million. 
To which the man replied, No sir. It doesn't work that way.  We give you a million today, and then you'll get the rest spread out for the next 19 years. 
The Redneck said, I want all my money RIGHT now! I won it, and I want it. 
Again the man patiently explains that he would only get a million that day and the rest during the next 19 years. 
The Redneck, furious with the man, screams out, Look, I WANT MY MONEY!!  If you're not going to give me my $20 million right now, THEN I WANT MY DOLLAR BACK!   
','0');
Redneck Booty Call... Dog

Mind if my hunting dog watches?
   
','0');
Brave Pig With the Peg Leg

A tourist on a farm asked the farmer why one pig had a wooden leg.
 
 The farmer said That pig is the bravest pig I ever saw.
 
 So why does he have a wooden leg? the tourist asked.
 
 One night our house caught on fire and he came inside and woke us all up.
 
 The tourist asked again So why does that pig have a wooden leg?
 
 You can't eat a pig that brave all at once!  
','0');
Signs That You're a Redneck Jedi

-- Your Jedi robe is camo-colored.
 
 -- You use your light saber to open and cook cans of pork and beans.
 
 -- At least one wing of your X-Wing fighter is primer-colored.
 
 -- There is a blaster rack in the back of your landspeeder.
 
   
','0');
Redneck Booty Call... Springer

Didn't I see you on the Jerry Springer show?
   
','0');
Pheasant and Bull

A pheasant says to a bull I would love to get on top of that tree but I haven't the energy.
 
 Well says the bull why don't you eat some of my dung? It's packed with nutrients.
 
 So the pheasant eats some dung and finds that it gives him enough energy to get to the first branch. The next day he eats some more and gets to the next branch. This cycle continues for a week. Finally the pheasant is at the top of the tree where he is spotted by the farmer who shoots him with a shotgun.
 
 Moral of the Story:  bullsh*t might take you to the top but it won't keep you there.  
','0');
Taking Ducks to Market

Once there was a farmer with three sons. He gave a duck to his eldest son and told him to see how much money he could get for it at the market. The eldest son came back later in the day shouting Dad I got $10 for the duck!
 
 The farmer said Well done son.
 
 The next day the farmer sent the middle son to the market with a duck and he came back with $20. Well done son said the farmer.
 
 He then sent the youngest son to the market to see how much he could get for the duck. On the way to the market the son met a prostitute.
 
 I'll give you a f**k if you give me that duck said the prostitute. After they did it the prostitute said That was so good I'll give you the duck back if you f**k me again. He did and then he went on to the market.
 
 On the way the duck flew out of his arms and was run over by a truck. The truck driver jumped out of the cab and said Oh no I'm so sorry! Here's $50 to pay for it.
 
 The youngest son went back to the farm and said to his father Hey Dad! I got a f**k for a duck a duck for a f**k and $50 bucks for a f**ked up duck.  
','0');
Trucks and Babies

Q: What do a Kenworth semi-truck and a test tube baby have in common?
 
 A: Neither one's Peterbilt.  
','0');
Cowboys' Rating System

Two cowboys lean against the rail at their favorite bar and rate women as they go by.
 
 A beautiful brunette passes. The first cowboy says I'll give her a 3. The other cowboy nods.
 
 Next a hot redhead walks by. The second cowboy looks her up and down and says to the first cowboy Well I think that one must be a 4. The first cowboy nods.
 
 Finally a drop-dead gorgeous blonde approaches. The cowboys straighten up and tip their hats back a little for a better look. The first cowboy smiles real wide and says Damn! That one has GOT to be a 6. The second cowboy nods.
 
 Overhearing this the woman turns around sharply and looks the first cowboy in the eye I'll have you know I've been rated far higher than that by far better men than YOU.
 
 And the second cowboy says But ma'am you don't understand -- we use a different kind a rating system. We use the equestrian method.
 
 Taken aback she asks What the hell is the equestrian method?
 
 The first cowboy smiles and says slowly Well ma'am that's how many Clydesdales it would take to pull you off my face.  
','0');
Hot Tomato

Q: Why did the tomato blush?        
 A: He saw the salad dressing.   
','0');
The Proud Redneck

A redneck walks into a bar with a wet steaming pile of s**t in his hands.  
He looks over at the bartender with pride and says, Lookie what I almost stepped in!  
','0');
Huntin' License

A man named Jed went hunting near the border of Alabama and Georgia. When he was going back to his truck a game warden came up to him and asked him what he had in the sack. 
Three rabbits, Jed said. 
The warden said, Let me see one of those rabbits. 
 So Jed pulled out one of the rabbits. The warden stuck his finger in the rabbit's butthole, pulled it out, smelled it and said, This is a Georgia rabbit.  
Then the warden said, Let me see your Georgia huntin' license. 
 So Jed showed him. Then the warden said, Let me see another one of those rabbits. 
So Jed pulled out another rabbit. 
Then the warden stuck his finger in the rabbit's bunghole, tasted it and said, This is a Alamba rabbit.  Let me see your Alamba huntin' license. 
 So Jed showed them to him. Then the Warden said, Where you from boy? 
So Jed pulled his pants down and said, You figure it out!  
','0');
Traveling Salesman in West Virginia

A traveling salesman is in West Virginia when he comes upon a house with a little boy sitting on the front steps.  
Son, is your mother home?  The little boy nods yes. 
Can I see her please?  The boy nods again, and they go around to the back of the house where they find the mother on the ground, humping away with a sheep.   
Son, do you see what your mother is doing? The boy nods yes.   
Do you know what that is? The boy nods.  
Doesn't that bother you? 
Naaaaaaaaaaaah!  
','0');
Mole Removal

Did you hear about the redneck who went to the hospital to have a mole removed from his d*ck?
 
 He swore off sex with them creatures forever.  
','0');
Redneck Offspring

A young hillbilly always went out to the barn to   beat off and when he was done he would shoot his   load into a coffee can and hide it under the   bench.  One day his father caught him and told him  Son every time you do that you are killing a   baby.    
The next time the boy went to the barn he was   about to shoot his load and reached down to grab   his can but a little frog had jumped in. The boy   looked in the can saw the frog and said, Son   you're ugly but daddy loves ya.  
','0');
Arkansas Scholars

Questions and answers selected from tests in Springdale Arkansas in2000 to 16 year old students!  (Don't laugh too hard - one of these may be thepresident someday.) 
  Q: Name the four seasons.  A: Salt, pepper, mustard and vinegar. 
  Q: Explain one of the processes by which water can be made safe  to drink.  A: Flirtation makes water safe to drink because it removes  large pollutants like grit, sand, dead sheep and canoeists. 
  Q: How is dew formed?  A: The sun shines down on the leaves and makes them perspire. 
  Q: What is a planet?  A: A body of earth surrounded by sky. 
  Q: What causes the tides in the oceans?  A: The tides are a fight between the Earth and the Moon.  All  water tends to flow towards the moon, because there is no water on  the moon, and nature abhors a vacuum.  I forget where the sun joins  in this fight. 
  Q: In a democratic society, how important are elections?  A: Very important.  Sex can only happen when a male gets a election. 
  Q: What are steroids?  A: Things for keeping carpets still on the stairs. 
  Q: What happens to your body as you age?  A: When you get old, so do your bowels and you get intercontinental. 
  Q: What happens to a boy when he reaches puberty?  A: He says good-bye to his boyhood and looks forward to his  adultery. 
  Q; Name a major disease associated with cigarettes.  A: Premature death. 
  Q: How can you delay milk turning sour?  A: Keep it in the cow. 
  Q: How are the main parts of the body categorized? (E.g., abdomen.)  A: The body is consisted into three parts - the brainium, the  borax and the abdominal cavity.  The branium contains the brain, the  borax contains the heart and lungs, and the abdominal cavity contains  the five bowels, A,E,I,O and U. 
  Q: What is the Fibula?  A: A small lie 
  Q: What does varicose mean?  A: Nearby. 
  Q: What is the most common form of birth control?  A: Most people prevent contraception by wearing a condominium. 
  Q: Give the meaning of the term Caesarean Section.  A: The caesarean section is a district in Rome. 
  Q: What is a seizure?  A: A Roman emperor. 
  Q: What is a terminal illness?  A: When you are sick at the airport 
  Q: Give an example of a fungus.  What is a characteristic feature?  A: Mushrooms.  They always grow in damp places and so they look  like umbrellas. 
  Q: What does the word benign mean?  A: Benign is what you will be after you be eight. 
  Q: What is a turbine?  A: Something an Arab wears on his head. 
  Q: What is a Hindu?  A: It lays eggs. 
  Q: Name the four seasons.  A: Salt, pepper, mustard and vinegar. 
  Q: Explain one of the processes by which water can be made safe  to drink.  A: Flirtation makes water safe to drink because it removes  large pollutants like grit, sand, dead sheep and canoeists. 
  Q: How is dew formed?  A: The sun shines down on the leaves and makes them perspire. 
  Q: What is a planet?  A: A body of earth surrounded by sky. 
  Q: What causes the tides in the oceans?  A: The tides are a fight between the Earth and the Moon.  All  water tends to flow towards the moon, because there is no water on  the moon, and nature abhors a vacuum.  I forget where the sun joins  in this fight. 
  Q: In a democratic society, how important are elections?  A: Very important.  Sex can only happen when a male gets a election. 
  Q: What are steroids?  A: Things for keeping carpets still on the stairs. 
  Q: What happens to your body as you age?  A: When you get old, so do your bowels and you get intercontinental. 
  Q: What happens to a boy when he reaches puberty?  A: He says good-bye to his boyhood and looks forward to his  adultery. 
  Q; Name a major disease associated with cigarettes.  A: Premature death. 
  Q: How can you delay milk turning sour?  A: Keep it in the cow. 
  Q: How are the main parts of the body categorized? (E.g., abdomen.)  A: The body is consisted into three parts - the brainium, the  borax and the abdominal cavity.  The branium contains the brain, the  borax contains the heart and lungs, and the abdominal cavity contains  the five bowels, A,E,I,O and U. 
  Q: What is the Fibula?  A: A small lie 
  Q: What does varicose mean?  A: Nearby. 
  Q: What is the most common form of birth control?  A: Most people prevent contraception by wearing a condominium. 
  Q: Give the meaning of the term Caesarean Section.  A: The caesarean section is a district in Rome. 
  Q: What is a seizure?  A: A Roman emperor. 
  Q: What is a terminal illness?  A: When you are sick at the airport 
  Q: Give an example of a fungus.  What is a characteristic feature?  A: Mushrooms.  They always grow in damp places and so they look  like umbrellas. 
  Q: What does the word benign mean?  A: Benign is what you will be after you be eight. 
  Q: What is a turbine?  A: Something an Arab wears on his head. 
  Q: What is a Hindu?  A: It lays eggs. 
  Q: Name the four seasons.  A: Salt, pepper, mustard and vinegar. 
  Q: Explain one of the processes by which water can be made safe  to drink.  A: Flirtation makes water safe to drink because it removes  large pollutants like grit, sand, dead sheep and canoeists. 
  Q: How is dew formed?  A: The sun shines down on the leaves and makes them perspire. 
  Q: What is a planet?  A: A body of earth surrounded by sky. 
  Q: What causes the tides in the oceans?  A: The tides are a fight between the Earth and the Moon.  All  water tends to flow towards the moon, because there is no water on  the moon, and nature abhors a vacuum.  I forget where the sun joins  in this fight. 
  Q: In a democratic society, how important are elections?  A: Very important.  Sex can only happen when a male gets a election. 
  Q: What are steroids?  A: Things for keeping carpets still on the stairs. 
  Q: What happens to your body as you age?  A: When you get old, so do your bowels and you get intercontinental. 
  Q: What happens to a boy when he reaches puberty?  A: He says good-bye to his boyhood and looks forward to his  adultery. 
  Q; Name a major disease associated with cigarettes.  A: Premature death. 
  Q: How can you delay milk turning sour?  A: Keep it in the cow. 
  Q: How are the main parts of the body categorized? (E.g., abdomen.)  A: The body is consisted into three parts - the brainium, the  borax and the abdominal cavity.  The branium contains the brain, the  borax contains the heart and lungs, and the abdominal cavity contains  the five bowels, A,E,I,O and U. 
  Q: What is the Fibula?  A: A small lie 
  Q: What does varicose mean?  A: Nearby. 
  Q: What is the most common form of birth control?  A: Most people prevent contraception by wearing a condominium. 
  Q: Give the meaning of the term Caesarean Section.  A: The caesarean section is a district in Rome. 
  Q: What is a seizure?  A: A Roman emperor. 
  Q: What is a terminal illness?  A: When you are sick at the airport 
  Q: Give an example of a fungus.  What is a characteristic feature?  A: Mushrooms.  They always grow in damp places and so they look  like umbrellas. 
  Q: What does the word benign mean?  A: Benign is what you will be after you be eight. 
  Q: What is a turbine?  A: Something an Arab wears on his head. 
  Q: What is a Hindu?  A: It lays eggs.  
','0');
Redneck Wake-Up Call

What did the redneck girl say when she woke up with her dad on top of her.   
 Watch it Pa or you'll crush my smokes!  
','0');
Arkansas Dentists

Q: Why are there hardly any dental professionals in Arkansas? 
A: Because it takes 35 patients to make a full set of teeth.  
','0');
The Tale Of The Three Holes

This guy was really sleepy and needed a place to stay for the night. So he sees this barn up the road and asks the guy if he can stay in his barn for the night.  
Sure, says the farmer, as long as you promise not to stick your winky into the three holes. The man promises, and the farmer leaves him there. Of course, he can't resist, and the farmer is woken up in the middle of the night by screams coming from the barn. The farmer goes down and finds the guy stuck in the third hole. 
What are in these holes? the guy screams. 
Well, says the farmer, one of them's my daughter, one's my cow, and one of them's an automatic milking machine that doesn't stop until it gets five gallons.  
','0');
Fifty Cent Piece

What did the redneck do with his his first fifty-cent piece?
 
 He married her.  
','0');
Obviously
 She Never Flossed
A hillbilly is sitting in a bar drinking when a woman sidles up next  to him. You're cute says the woman do you want to go back to my place and  have some nasty sex?    
You bet!  exclaims the hillbilly, But I have to tell you, I'm a virgin. I've always been scared because my mom told me that women have sharp teeth  between their legs, and sometimes they bite.    
Don't worry, the woman says, and the two head back to her place, where  she strips and shows the hillbilly her private parts. Now, does it look like I have teeth down there? she asks.   
How could you possible have teeth down there? he says, Look at the shape your gums are in.  
','0');
Yeehaw! The Alabama Lottery!

Did you hear about the Alabama Lottery?  You can win $20 dollars every year for the next million years.  
','0');
Three Redneck Lies

-- The pickup is paid for.
 
 -- I won this belt buckle in the rodeo.
 
 -- I was just helping that sheep over the fence.  
','0');
Lesbian Harem

What do you call a lesbian with ten girlfriends? 
A Bush Hog  
','0');
Tricky
 Tricky
If a couple from Tennessee get a legal divorce can they still be brother and sister?  
','0');
Under the Bed

Three guys all think that their wives are cheating on them.
 
 The first guy thinks his wife is screwing a plumber because he found a tool belt under his bed.
 
 The second guy thinks his wife is screwing a judge because he found a robe and gavel under his bed.
 
 The third guy says That's nothing! I came home and found a cowboy under my bed. I can't believe my wife is screwing a horse.  
','0');
Full of Wool

A man buys several sheep hoping to breed them for wool. After several weeks he notices that none of the sheep are getting pregnant and calls a vet for help. The vet tells him that he should try artificial insemination. 
The guy doesn't have the slightest idea what this means but not wanting to display his ignorance, only asks the vet how he will know when the sheep are pregnant. The vet tells him that they will stop standing around and will lie down and wallow in the grass. 
The man hangs up and gives it some thought. He comes to the conclusion that artificial insemination means he has to impregnate the sheep. So, he loads the sheep into his truck, drives them out into the woods, has sex with them all, brings them back, and goes to bed. 
The next morning, he wakes and looks out at the sheep. Seeing that they are all still standing around, he concludes that the first try didn't take, and loads them in the truck again. He drives them out to the woods, bangs each sheep twice for good measure, brings them back, and goes to bed.  
The next morning he wakes to find the sheep still just standing around. One more try, he tells himself, and proceeds to load them up and drive them out to the woods. He spends all day shagging the sheep and upon returning home, falls listlessly into bed.  
The next morning, he cannot even raise himself from the bed to look at the sheep. He asks his wife to look out and tell him if the sheep are lying in the grass.  
No, she says, they're all in the truck and one of them is honking the horn.  
','0');
Rednecks at School

You can tell when you're a Redneck when you  walk with your son to school because you're in the same grade.    
','0');
The Farmer's Daughters

There once was a farmer who was raising 3 daughters on his own. He was very concerned about their well being and always did his best to watch out for them. As they entered their late teens the girls dated and on this particular evening all three of his girls were going out on a date. This was the first time this had occurred. As was his custom he would greet the young suitor at the door holding his shotgun not to menace or threaten but merely to ensure that the young man knew who was boss. 
The doorbell rang and the first of the boys arrived. Father answered the door and the lad said, Hi, my name's Joe, I'm here for Flo. We're going to the show, is she ready to go? The father looked him over and sent the kids on their way. 
The next lad arrived and said, My name's Eddie, I'm here for Betty, we're gonna get some spaghetti, is she ready? Father felt this one was okay too, so off the two kids went. 
The final young man arrived and the farmer opened the door. The boy started off, Hi, my name's Chuck? -- and the farmer shot him.  
','0');
Cow Pat Lip Gloss

An old cowhand came riding into town on a hot dry dusty day. The local sheriff watched from his chair in front of the saloon as the cowboy wearily dismounted and tied his horse to the rail. The cowboy then moved slowly to the back of his horse lifted its tail and placed a big kiss where the sun don't shine. He dropped the horse's tail stepped up on the walk and aimed toward the swinging doors of the saloon. 
Hold on there, Mister, said the sheriff. Did I just see what I think I saw? 
Reckon you did, Sheriff. I got me some powerful chapped lips.  
And that cures them? the Sheriff asked.  
Nope, but it keeps me from lickin' 'em.  
','0');
Some Things You Just CAN'T

One day a farmer walked into a bar and asked the bartender for the strongest thing in the bar. 
What's wrong, fella? asked the bartender. 
 Some things you just can't explain. 
 Try me.   
Okay. I was milking my cow this morning and I filled the bucket clear to the top. Then the dumb cow knocked it down with her left leg, so I grabbed some string and ties her left leg up.  Then I milked her again and the stupid cow knocked it down with her right leg. So I grabbed some string and tied up her right leg.  I then milked her again and the cow knocked it down with her tail. But this time I was out of string, so I decided to use my belt, so I tied it up with my belt.  Just then my pants fell down and my wife walked in.    
You're right, said the bartender. Some things you just can't explain.  
','0');
Inseminating Redneck Girls

How do you get a redneck gal pregnant?   
Come on her shoes and let the flies do the   rest.  
','0');
Eatin' Possum

How many rednecks does it take to eat a possum?     
    Three. One to eat it, and two to watch for cars.  
','0');
Redneck Grocrey

If your wife asks you to get some groceries and you put on camoflage and grab a shotgun you might be a redneck.  
','0');
For my next trick...

Q: Did you hear about the magic tractor? 
A: It drove down the lane and turned into a field.  
','0');
Group Photo

Q: Why is it so difficult to take a group photo of a bunch of West Virginians?  
 
   A: Because everytime the photographer yells ?Cheese!? they all line up!'  
','0');
Redneck's Medical Dictionary

Artery: Study of paintings         
 Bacteria: Backdoor to cafeteria         
 Barium: What to do when treatment fails         
 Bowel: Letter like A E I O or U         
 Ceasarean Section: District in Rome         
 Cat Scan: Searching for Kitty         
 Cauterize: Made eye contact with her              
 Coma: Punctuation Mark         
 Congenital: Friendly      
  D &amp; C: Where Washington is         
 Dilate: To live long         
 Enema: Not a friend         
 Fester: Quicker        
 Genital: Non-Jewish         
 Hang Nail: Coat Hook         
 Impotent: Distinguished, well known         
 Labor pain: Hurt at work         
 Morbid: Higher offer         
 Nitrate: Cheeper than day         
 Node: Was aware of         
 Outpatient: Person fainted         
 Post op: Letter Carrier         
 Recovery Room: Place to apholster         
 Rectum: Dang near Killed Him         
 Rheumatic: Amorous         
 Secretion: Hiding something         
 Tablet: Small table         
 Terminal Illness: Sick at Airport         
 Tibia: Country in North Africa         
 Tumor: More than One         
 Urine: Opposite of 'you're out'         
 Varicose: Nearby         
 Vein: Conceited  
','0');
Redneck Top Ten

 1) You've ever had to lug a paint can to the top of a water tower to defend your sister's honor. 
 2) Your wife's hairdo has ever been destroyed by a ceiling fan. 
 3) You go to your family reunion to pick up women. 
 4) Your richest relative buys a new house --  and you have to help him take the wheels off it. 
 5) You think a six-pack and a bug zapper is quality entertainment. 
 6) Your family tree does not fork. 
 7) You've ever been too drunk to fish. 
 8) You've lost more than two teeth opening beer bottles. 
 9) You helped your cousin move his refrigerator -- and the grass underneath it has turned yellow. 
 10) You owe the taxidermist more than your annual income.  
','0');
Bubba

One weekend the husband is in the bathroom shaving when the kid he hired to mow his lawn a local kid named Bubba comes in to pee. The husband slyly looks over and is shocked at how immensely endowed Bubba is. He can't help himself and asks Bubba what his secret is. 
Well, says Bubba, every night before I climb into bed with a girl, I whack my penis on the bedpost three times. It works, and it sure impresses the girls!  
The husband was excited at this easy suggestion and decided to try it that very night. So before climbing into bed with his wife, he took out his penis and whacked it three times on the bedpost. His wife, half-asleep, said, Bubba? Is that you?  
','0');
Redneck Recycling

Q: What do Rednecks call four empty Cool Whip containers on a table?  
A: Salad bowls  
','0');
Lightbulb... Rednecks

How many rednecks does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 
Three. One to hold the bulb, and two to turn the ladder.  
','0');
Redneck Driver's License Application

Last name: ________________ 
First name (check appropriate box):
 [_] Billy-Bob
 [_] Bobby-Sue
 [_] Billy-Joe
 [_] Bobby-Jo
 [_] Billy-Ray
 [_] Bobby-Ann
 [_] Billy-Sue
 [_] Bobby-Lee
 [_] Billy-Mae
 [_] Bobby-Ellen
 [_] Billy-Jack
 [_] Bobby-Beth-AnnAge: ____ (if unsure, guess)
Sex: ____ M _____ F _____ Not sure 
Shoe Size: ____ Left ____ Right 
Occupation: [_] Farmer
 [_] Mechanic
 [_] Hair Dresser
 [_] Waitress
 [_] Unemployed
 [_] Dirty PoliticianSpouse's Name:  __________________________
 2nd Spouse's Name: _________________________
 3rd Spouse's Name: _________________________
 Lover's Name: ____________________________
 2nd Lover's Name: __________________________
Relationship with spouse: [_] Sister[_] Aunt
 [_] Brother
 [_] Uncle
 [_] Mother  
 [_] Son
 [_] Father
 [_] Daughter
 [_] Cousin
 [_] PetNumber of children living in household: ___
 Number of children living in shed: ___
 Number of children that are yours: ___
Mother's Name: _______________________
 Father's Name: _______________________ 
 (If not sure, leave blank)
  
Education: 1  2  3  4 (Circle highest grade completed) 
Do you [_] own or [_] rent your mobile home? 
Vehicles you own and where you keep them: ___ Total number of vehicles you own
 ___ Number of vehicles that still crank
 ___ Number of vehicles in front yard
 ___ Number of vehicles in back yard
 ___ Number of vehicles on cement blocks
Firearms you own and where you keep them: ____ truck
 ____ kitchen
 ____ bedroom
 ____ bathroom
 ____ shed
Model of your pickup: _____________ 
 Year pickup produced: 194____ 
Do you have a gun rack?
  [_] Yes [_] No; If no, please explain:_________________________Newspapers/magazines you subscribe to:
 [_] The National Enquirer
 [_] The Globe
 [_] MAXIM
 [_] TV Guide
 [_] Soap World
 [_] Rifle and Shotgun
 ___ Number of times you've seen a UFO
 ___ Number of times you've seen Elvis
 ___ Number of times you've seen Elvis in a UFO 
How often do you bathe:
  [_] Weekly
 [_] Monthly
 [_] Not ApplicableHow many teeth? ___
 Color of teeth:
 [_] Yellow
 [_] Brownish-Yellow
 [_] Brown
 [_] Black
 [_] N/A
Brand of chewing tobacco you prefer:
  [_] Red-Man
 How far is your home from a paved road?
 [_] 1 mile
 [_] 2 miles
 [_] don't know 
','0');
You're A Redneck If...

You're a redneck if you hear the phrase Take out the trash and shoot your mother-in-law.  
','0');
Redneck Booty Call... Trailer

A tornado knocked down my trailer. Can I go home with you?
   
','0');
The Cross-Eyed Cow

One day a farmer was tending to his livestock when he noticed that one of his cows was completely cross-eyed. He called up a veterinarian friend of his who told him to bring in his cow. The vet took one look at the cow stuck a tube up the cow's butt and blew into the tube until the cow's eyes straightened out. The vet charged the farmer a hundred bucks and the farmer went home happy. About a week later the cow's eyes were cross-eyed again but this time the farmer figured he could probably take care of it himself. So he called his hired hand over and together they put a tube up the cow's butt. The farmer put his lips to the tube and started to blow. Strangely nothing happened so he asked his hired hand to give it a try. The hired hand removed the tube turned it around put it in the cow's butt and started to blow. 
What are you doing? asked the farmer, horrified. 
Well, I wasn't gonna use the side that YOU had put your lips on.  
','0');
What Do I Look Like?

A newlywed couple just moved into their new house. One day the wife asked her husband Honey one of the bathroom pipes is leaking. Could you fix it?
 
 The husband looked at his wife and said What do I look like -- Mr. Plumber?
 
 A few days went by and his wife asked for a favor. Honey the car won't start. I think it needs a new battery. Could you change it for me?
 
 What do I look like -- Mr. Goodwrench?
 
 A couple weeks later the wife found a leak in the roof. Honey there's a leak on the roof. Can you please fix it?
 
 What do I look like -- Bob Vila? He sat down with a beer and watched a game on TV.
 
 One rainy weekend the husband realized the leak on the roof was gone. He went to the bathroom and found that the pipe behind the sink wasn't leaking anymore either.
 
 When his wife returned home the husband asked Honey how come there aren't any more leaks and the car's running?
 
 She replied nonchalantly Oh the other day I ran into one of our new neighbors Jon. What a nice man. He came over and fixed everything.
 
 Wow did he charge us anything?
 
 No he said he'd do it for free if I either baked him a cake or had sex with him.
 
 Cool. What kind of cake did you make?
 
 Cake? What the hell do I look like -- Betty Crocker?  
','0');
The Fish-Eating Competition

One day some fisherman caught tons of fish called tench.  The fisherman couldn t eat them all so they gave them to the Mayor of the town.  The Mayor wasn t sure what to do with them.  Then he had an idea; he would have a fish-eating competition.   
When they had the competition, there were two finalists: a man from a place called Fife, whose name was Mr. Hicks; and a man that was from Sweden, whose name is Sven.   
So they had the final; the Mayor fired the starting pistol and they started eating the tench.  No sooner had Mr. Hicks bitten the fish than one of his teeth fell out.  He couldn t eat because of this so he stopped, but the Mayor refused to stop the competition.  So Sven kept on eating and ended up eating nine of these tench fish. 
 The next day the headlines read:  ONE TOOTH FREE FOR FIFE HICKS, SVEN ATE NINE TENCH!  
','0');
Those Lovely Farmer's Daughters

A farmer had 3 beautiful daughters who were getting ready to go out on dates.  The first beau came to the door and said  I'm Eddie I'm here to pick up Betty. We're going for spaghetti is she ready?     
No, the farmer said. 
The second beau came to the door and said,   I'm Joe, I'm here to pick up Flo to take her to the show.  Is she ready to go?    
No. 
The third beau came to the door and said to the farmer.  Hello, my name is Chuck.      
The farmer shot Chuck.  
','0');
West Virgin-ia

How can you tell if a West Virginia girl is a virgin?  
 
   If she can run faster that her brothers.  
','0');
It's A War-Like Country

A Tennessee man and an Alabama man were both fighting in a war and were captured by the enemy.
 Before we put you to death, said the enemy, do you have any last requests?
 Yes, said the Alabaman. Could you play 'Yeah, Alabama' before you shoot me?
 Sure, said the enemy. How about you, Tennessean?
 Could you shoot me before you play 'Yeah, Alabama?'  
','0');
Three-Legged Race

One day a traveling salesman was driving down a back country road at about 30 mph when he noticed that there was a three-legged chicken running alongside his car.   
He stepped on the gas but at 50 miles per hour. The chicken was still keeping up. After about a mile of running the chicken ran up a farm lane and into a barn behind an old farm house.  
The salesman had some time to kill so he turned around and drove up the farm lane.  He knocked at the door and when the farmer answered he told him what he had just seen.  
The farmer said that he was a geneticist and had developed this breed of chicken because he, his wife and his son each like a drumstick when they have chicken and this way they only have to kill one chicken. 
That s the most fantastic thing I've ever heard, said the salesman. How do they taste? 
I don't know, said the farmer. We've never caught one.  
','0');
West Virginia Ghosts

A visiting professor at the University of West Virginia gives a seminar on the supernatural.
 
 To get a feel for his audience he asks How many people here believe in ghosts?
 
 About 40 students raise their hands.
 
 Well that's a good start says the professor. How many have seen a ghost?
 
 About 20 students raise their hands.
 
 The professor asks Has anyone ever touched a ghost?
 
 Three students raise their hands.
 
 OK says the professor. I'm curious -- have any of you ever made love to a ghost?
 
 One student way in the back raises his hand.
 
 The professor is astonished. He takes a step back and says Sir would you be willing to come up here and tell us about your experience?
 
 The student make his way up to the podium.
 
 The professor says Thank you for being so honest. Now please tell us what it's like to have sex with a ghost.
 
 The student replies Ghost?! Dang I thought you was talkin' about 'goats.'  
','0');
Here
 Piggy Piggy
An old farmer and his wife had a bunch of pigs and every morning the farmer would head out to feed them. And every morning he would see all the pigs screwing up a storm. He would get turned on by this and try to get back to the house in time to screw his wife -- but he always got soft before he got there. So one day he took his hatchet and headed out to the pig pen. 
No! said his wife. Don't kill those pigs! 
I'm not going to kill them. I'm moving the pen closer to the house.  
','0');
Holy Cow

A farmer walks out on his field and sees something outrageous: a cow with a halo over her head a cat on the cow's back and a rabbit on the cat's back.
 
 HOLY COW! he exclaims I've never seen a hare on that pussy!  
','0');
A Letter From A Redneck Mother To Her Son

  
    Dear Son, 
    I'm writing this slow 'cause I know youcan't read fast.  We don't live where we did when you left.  Your dad read inthe paper that most accidents happen within twenty miles of home, so we moved. Won't beable to send you the address as the last Arkansas family that lived here took the numberswith them for their house, so they wouldn't have to change their address. 
    This place has a washing machine. The first day I put four shirts in it, pulled the chain and haven't seen 'em since. 
    It only rained twice this week, threedays the first time and four days the second time. 
    The coat you wanted me to send to you,Aunt Sue said it would be a little too heavy to send in the mail with them heavy buttons,so we cut them off and put them in the pockets. 
    We got a bill from the funeral home, andit said if we didn't make the final payment on Grandma's funderal bill, up she comes. 
    About your sister, she had a baby thismorning.  I haven't found out whether if it is a boy or a girl so don't know if youare an Aunt or Uncle. 
    Your Uncle John fell in the whiskeyvat.  Some men tried to get him out, but he fought them off playfully, so hedrowned.  We cremated him and he burned for three days. 
    Three of your friends went off thebridge in a pickup.  One was driving and the other two were in the back.  Thedriver got out.  He rolled down the window and swam to safery.  The other 2drowned.  They couldn't get the tail gate down. 
    Not much more news this time. Nothing much happened.  If you don't get this letter, please let me know and I willsend another one. 
Love, Ma  
','0');
Texan Poetry

The finals of the National Poetry Contest last year came down to two  finalists. One was a San Francisco State University graduate from an upper-crust family; well-bred well-connected and all that goes with it.    The other finalist was a redneck from Texas A &amp; M.  Go figure.    
The rules of the contest required each finalist to compose a four-line poem  in one minute or less, and the poem had to contain the word ?Timbuktu.?  
The San Francisco State graduate went first. About thirty seconds  after the clock started he jumped up and recited the following poem:    
 
 ?'Slowly across the desert sand
                 Trekked the dusty caravan.                
 Men on camels, two by two                
 Destination -- Timbuktu.?   
The audience went wild! How, they wondered if the redneck could top that?!    The clock started again and the redneck sat in silent thought.  Finally, in the last few seconds, he jumped and recited:                  
 
 ?Tim and me, a-huntin' went.                
 Met three whores in a pop-up tent.                
 They was three, we was two,                
 So I bucked one and Timbuktu?  
','0');
The Greatest Cow

 
Harry and his wife are driving in the country when he sees a sign thatreads: Cow For Sale -- $5,000. 
He pulls in and says to the farmer, There's no cow in the world worth$5,000. 
The farmer says, Oh, yeah? Take a look at this. He lifts the cow's tail and Harry sees that the cow has a snatchjust like a woman. 
Harry gets back in the car, turns to his wife and says, It's justnot fair. Here's this farmer with a cow that has a snatch like a womanand it's worth $5,000, and here I am, with you, with a snatch like acow, and you're not worth sh*t.  
','0');
A Scot's Tale

One misty Scottish morning a man is driving through the hills to Inverness. Suddenly out of the mist a massive red-haired highlander steps into the middle of the road.   The man is at least six feet four has a huge red beard and despite the wind mist and near freezing temperatures is  wearing only his kilt a tweed shirt and a tam-o -shanter at a rakish angle.  
At the roadside there also stands a young woman. She is absolutely beautiful -- slim,  shapely, fair complexion, golden hair... heart stopping.  The driver stops and stares, and his attention is only distracted from the lovely girl when the red thing opens the car door and drags him from his seat onto the road with a fist resembling a whole raw ham.   
  Right, you Jimmy,   he shouts,   Ah want you to masturbate!     
  But......   stammers the driver.   
  Du it now - or I ll bluddy kill yu!     
So the driver turns his back on the girl, drops his trousers and starts to masturbate.  Thinking of the girl on the roadside, this doesn t take him long.   
  Right!   snarls the Highlander   Du it agin, now!     
So the driver does it again.    Right laddie, du it agin!   demands the Highlander.   
This goes on for nearly two hours. The hapless driver gets cramps in both arms, he  has rubbed himself raw, is violently aching, his sight is failing and despite the cold wind, he has collapsed in a sweating, jibbering heap on the ground, unable to stand. 
  Du it again!   says the Highlander.  
  I can t do it any more - you ll just have to kill me!   whimpers the man.   
The Highlander looks down at the pathetic soul slumped on the roadside and says,   All right laddie. NOW, can you give ma daughter a lift to Inverness?    
','0');
The Seven Dents

What's red with seven dents in it? 
Snow White's cherry.  
','0');
Hillbilly Chicks and Bears

Q: What do hillbilly chicks and polar bears have in common?
 
 A: They both lick their paws.  
','0');
Taxing Profession

A woman goes to an accountant to file her taxes.
 
 The accountant says Before we begin I need to ask a few questions. What is your occupation?
 
 The woman replies I'm a whore.
 
 The accountant says No no no. That is much too crass. Let's try to rephrase that.
 
 The woman replies OK I'm a prostitute.
 
 No that is still too crude. Try again.
 
 They both think for a minute then the woman states I'm a chicken farmer.
 
 The accountant asks What does chicken farming have to do with being a prostitute?
 
 Well I raised over 5000 c**ks last year.  
','0');
Monks Made a Mistake

One day two monks were in the vaults of the monastery going through the old scrolls. 
You see, there are the originals, said the first monk. All the new scrolls were copied from these. 
Can I see one?  
Sure. This is one outlines the rules for monkdom-- All of a sudden, the monk's face turns white and he falls to his knees. 
What? What does it say? 
Celebrate. IT SAYS CELEBRATE!  
','0');
The Clever Famer

Q: Why did the farmer plough his field with a steamroller?    
A: Because he wanted mashed potatoes.  
','0');
Two Ribbons

A woman calls a clinic and says she hasn't been able to sleep because her dog snores too loudly. The doctor told her to tie a ribbon around his balls and he will shutup. The woman goes to her bedroom and sees her dog lieing on the floor snoring. She gets a red ribbon and ties it around his balls. The dog stops snoring. The woman goes to sleep.  
After a while, her husband comes home drunk. He lays in bed and falls fast asleep. He starts to snore loudly so the woman gets a blue ribbon and ties it around his balls. The next morning the woman gets up and goes to work. The man wakes up and sees the blue ribbon on his balls. Then he looks down at the dog and sees the red ribbon around his balls. The guy says to the dog,  I don't know what we did lasst night, but we got first and second place! '  
','0');
City Girls and Country Boys

A city girl was driving back to town after   attending a family funeral when she ran out of   gas. It was getting late so she asked two good ol' boys sitting on the stoop of a mobile home where she   could get some gas.     
?Well,? said one, ?the fillin' station ain't open 'till  tomorrie, but I reckon you kin stay the night with me &amp; Billy-Bob here.?    
She accepted, only to be told that there was only   one bed, which both Billy-Bob &amp; Billy-Ray slept   in. Thinking it might be fun, she went ahead   anyway.  When all three of them were all tucked in, they were just   about to jump her bones when she halted   proceedings.  
Pulling out two condoms, she said, ?You  nice boys wouldn't want me to get pregnant, would you? Here, put these on.?   
They did.  The three of them proceeded to   have the time of their lives. In the morning the   car got gassed up and our girl went back to the   city.   
Three months later, Billy-Bob and Billy-Ray were   sitting on the stoop, chewin' on some RedMan.  
?D'ya   remember that city girl who stopped by here a   while back?? asked Billy-Ray.   
?Ah sure do,? said Billy-Bob, with a smirk.   
?D'ya really care if she gets pregnant??   
?Nah,? said Billy-Bob.   
?Well, lets get these STUPID things off of our   dicks!?  
','0');
Tasties in a Half Shell

Q: Why did God invent armadillos?
 A: So that rednecks can have 'possum on the half-shell.  
','0');
My First Sexual Experience

Herman and his brother Trevor live on a farm in Texas. One day Trevor rides on his bike into town and he sees a building on fire so he goes back home and tells his brother ?Herman Herman there is a fire and people are getting burned!?  
His brother says ?Oh, that was on the radio -- that's old news.  
So Trevor rides back into town and he sees a bank beeing robbed, so he rides back home and says ?Herman, Herman there is bank being robbed and people are getting shot and killed!?  
His brother says, ?Oh that was on the radio -- that's old news.?  
So Trevor rides back into town and he sees a pig stuck in a fence and starts to thinkin'... Then he rides home and says, ?Herman Herman! I had my first sequal experince today!?  
His brother says, ?In a pig's ass,?  
And Trevor replies, ?Oh, you and your stupid radio.?  
','0');
Traveling on Friday

Q: If a cowboy rides into town on Friday and three days later he leaves on Friday how does he do it?
 
 A: The horse's name is Friday.  
','0');
Pretty Woman in West Virginia

What do West Virginians call a pretty woman?   
 
    A tourist.  
','0');
This Little Piggy

A farmer had just bought some pigs for breeding but didn't quite know how to do it. He soon found out that the vet would charge him $200 a pig. That was a little rich for his blood so he figured he might be able to do it himself. So for three weeks he'd load up all the pigs in the truck and take 'em to an isolated location where nobody would see him doing it. After three weeks none of the pigs were pregnant so he decided to forget about it for a morning. That morning his wife happened to look out the window. 
Honey? What are you doing to those pigs? 
What do you mean? asked the farmer. 
One's honking the horn, and the others are rocking the back of the truck.  
','0');
Redneck Birth Control... Cherrybomb

A man and and a woman from Alabama don't want any more children because they already have 11. So the husband goes to a doctor in Ohio.  The doctor asks What state are you from? 
The man say,s Alabama. The doctor tells him to go home, put a lit cherry bomb in an empty soda can, hold it in his hand, and count to 10.  The husband isn't so sure of this, so he goes to another doctor, this time in California.  
When that doctor finds out that the husband is from Alabama, he tells him the exact same thing that the doctor in Ohio told him. The husband figures that the doctors must be right.   
So he goes home, puts a lit cherry bomb in a soda can, and starts to count.   1...2...3...4...5...   The husband takes the soda can and puts it between his legs to continue counting on his fingers on his right hand.   6...7...8...9...   
','0');
David's Brother David

A woman went down to the Welfare Office to get aid. The office worker asked her How many children do you have?  
Ten, she replied.  
What are their names? he asked. 
David, David, David, David, David, David, David, David, David and David, she answered.  
They're all named David? he asked What if you want them to come in from playing outside? 
Oh, that's easy, she said. I just call 'David,' and they all come running in.  
And, if you want them to come to the table for dinner?  
I just say, 'David, come eat your dinner', she answered.  
But what if you just want ONE of them to do something? he asked.  
Oh, that's easy, she said. I just use their last name!  
','0');
Let's Talk

A guy was seated next to a 10-year-old girl on an airplane. Being bored he turned to the girl and said Let's talk. I've heard that flights go quicker if you strike up a conversation with your fellow passenger.
 
  The girl, who was reading a book, closed it slowly and said to the guy, What would you like to talk about?
 
 Oh, I don't know, said the guy. How about nuclear power?
 
  OK, she said. That could be an interesting topic. But let me ask you a question first. A horse, a cow and a deer all eat the same stuff... grass. Yet a deer excretes little pellets, while a cow turns out a flat patty, and a horse produces clumps of dried grass. Why do you suppose that is?
 
  The guy thought about it and said, Hmmm, I have no idea.
 
  To which the girl replied, Do you really feel qualified to discuss nuclear power when you don't know s**t?  
','0');
The Cowboy's Last Wishes

A cowboy was riding through an old abandoned canyon trail when he was captured by a group of ruthless banditos intent on killing him. In their drunkenness they decided to go easy on him and grant him three requests.
 
 For his first he asked for his horse. He whispered something to his horse who then rode off and returned with a beautiful woman. The cowboy spent the night with the woman.
 
 The same thing happened the second day. But when the horse returned on the third day with another woman the cowboy lost his temper and yelled You stupid horse! I said 'posse!'  
','0');
Why did the chicken cross the road?

To have hot sex with the perverted farmer.  
','0');
Things Never Said by Southerners

-- Duct tape won't fix that.
 
 -- Come to think of it I'll have a Heineken.
 
 -- We don't keep firearms in the house.
 
 -- You can't feed that to the dog.
 
 -- The kids can't ride in the back of the pickup -- it's just not safe.
 
 -- Honey did you mail that donation to Greenpeace?
 
 -- We're vegetarians.
 
 -- Do you think my gut is too big?
 
 -- Honey we don't need another dog.
 
 -- Who's Richard Petty?
 
 -- We could just share a small bag of pork rinds
 
 .-- Too many deer heads detract from the decor
 
 .-- I just couldn't find a thing at Wal-Mart today
 
 .-- Is there anything in this restaurant that's NOT fried?
 
 -- The tires on that truck are too big.
 
 -- I've got it all on the C drive.
 
 -- There's too much sugar in this tea.
 
 -- Checkmate.
 
 -- I believe you cooked those greens too long   
','0');
Highly Illogical

Two rednecks Bubba and Cooter decided that they weren't going anywhere in life and thought they should go to college to get ahead.  
Bubba goes in first, and the professor advises him to take math, history and logic. 
What's logic? asked Bubba. 
The professor answered, Let me give you an example. Do you own a weed-whacker? 
I sure do, answered the redneck. 
Then I can assume, using logic, that you have a yard, replied the professor. 
That's real good, the redneck responded in awe. 
The professor continued, Logic will also tell me that since you have a yard, you also have a house. 
Impressed, the redneck shouted, AMAZING! 
And since you own a house, logic dictates that you have a wife. 
Betty Mae! This is incredible!  
Finally, since you have a wife, logically I can assume that you are heterosexual, said the professor. 
You're absolutely right! Why, that's the most fascinating thing I ever heard of! I can't wait to take this here logic class. 
Bubba, proud of the new world opening up to him, walked back into the hallway where Cooter waswaiting. 
So, what classes are ya takin? he asks. 
Math, history and logic, replies Bubba. 
Cooter asks, What's logic? 
Let me give you an example. Do ya own a weed-eater? 
No. 
You're gay, ain't ya?  
','0');
Redneck Thief

Q: What does a redneck say to his friend after he has just stolen something?      
A: Six-finger discount!  
','0');
The Golden Fiddle

A pilot was forced to make a crash landing in a farmer's field.  The farmer took the pilot back   to the farmhouse where the pilot noticed the farmer had a golden fiddle hanging above the   fireplace.  The two men were standing there talking when the farmer's wife came down the   steps.  The pilot couldn't believe how beautiful she was. 
 How can you   trust her to be here by herself all day, while you go out and work the fields?
 I trust my wife, the farmer said. She's never been unfaithful.   
 I'll make you a little bet.  If I take your wife upstairs, she'll be unfaithful.  If not, you can have my plane.    But, if she is, I get your fiddle.
 It's a deal.   So, the pilot and the farmer's wife go upstairs.  About a half hour passes, and the farmer picks up the fiddle and starts playing it.   
 Be true to me, Be true to me, Be true for just one hour.  Be true to me, Be true to me,  And his   airplane will be ours.  Another fifteen minutes pass, and suddenly he sees his wife coming down the stairs.  He asks her if she stayed true to him.  She walked over, picked up the fiddle, started playing it.
 He kissed me on the lips, He kissed me on the tits, He kissed me in the middle. He kissed a spot that you forgot, and you lost your fucking fiddle.  
','0');
Fire Engine Red

Why are fire engines red?       
You'd be red too if somebody picked up your hose   and dragged it across the street!  
','0');
Attention-Seeking Redneck

What does a redneck say before he gets injured? ?Watch this!?  
','0');
An Arkansas Delivery

In the backwoods of Arkansas Mr. Stewart's wife went into labor in the middle of the night. The doctor was called in to assist in the delivery.
 
 To keep the nervous father-to-be busy the doctor handed him a lantern and said Here you hold this high so I can see what I'm doing. Soon a baby boy was brought into the world.
 
 Don't be in a rush to put the lantern down. I think there's yet another wee one to come. Sure enough within minutes he had delivered another baby.
 
 Now don't be in a great hurry to be putting down that lantern young man. It seems there's yet another! cried the doctor.
 
 The new father scratched his head in bewilderment and asked the doctor. Do ya think it's the light that's attractin' them?  
','0');
Redneck Booty Call... Elvis

Can I come over and see your Velvet Elvis?
   
','0');
Bad Drivers

There's a senior citizen driving on the highway.  His wife calls him on his cell phone and in a worried voice says  Herman be careful!  I just heard on the radio that there was a madman driving the wrong way on Route 280!   
Herman says,  I know, but there isn't just one, there are hundreds!   
','0');
He's So Lucky
 He's A Star
What do you call a redneck with a functioning car? 
 
 Lucky!  
','0');
Natchitoches

Two tourists were driving through Louisiana. As they approached Natchitoches they started arguing about the pronunciation of the town.
 
 They went back and forth until they stopped for lunch. At the counter one tourist asked the employee Before we order could you please settle an argument for us? Would you please pronounce where we are very slowly?
 
 The guy leaned over the counter and said Burrr-gerrr Kiiing.  
','0');
How Many

How many dicks can a redneck girl take at a time?      
It depends on how many brothers she has.  
','0');
Redneck Poetry

Robert Frost and a redneck came to heaven's gate at the same time.  St. Peter stood at the gate with instuctions for the two:  You cannot enter the gates of heaven until you can make up a poem and recite it to me using the word 'Timbuktu' in it.   Robert Frost stepped up and recited a beautiful poem and was let in the gates.  
 The redneck stepped up and St. Peter said  Now what is your poem?   
 The Redeck paused and scratched.     Oh! I got it  said the redneck  here it goes. .   .  Me and Tim a huntin' went  Met three maidens in a tent  They was three and we was two  So I bucked one and Tim bucked two.     
','0');
The Salesman's Scoreboard

A travelling salesman is out in the country selling his wares. He is in the middle of nowhere when his car breaks down he leaves the car and starts walking and reaches a small farm house.  He knocks and  a middle aged man opens the door.  
The salesman asks him for a place to sleep in the night.  The farmer tells that he has only one room with a bed and on that he and his wife (who turns out be gorgeous) sleep.  So the salesman sleeps on the bed with the farmer and his lovely wife.     
In the middle of the night the farmer's wife gets horny and asks the salesman to come over to her side and f**k her!  The salesman points towards the snoring farmer and whispers,  He'll wake up!   
The farmer's wife replies,  He's a sound sleeper.  If you don't trust me pull a hair out of his ass and you will see that he won't wake up!     
The salesman tries and the farmer does not wake up.  The salesman and the farmer's wife get into a f**king session.  They repeat the act several more times that night and the salesman plucks a hair out of the farmer's ass everytime he goes to f**k the wife.  
Finally the farmer wakes up and says,  Hey, I don't mind you f**king my wife, but can you stop using my ass a scoreboard!?!   
','0');
American Divorce

If a man and a woman get married in Texas and move to Washington are they still brother and sister?  
','0');
Redneck's Last Words

What are a typical redneck's three last words?   
 
      Hey watch this!    
','0');
Redneck Drivers

The U.S. Government decided to take an experiment to see what people say right before they get into an auto accident.
  89% of the people in 49 states said:  Oh s**t!  
 
 In Texas 94% said:  Hold my beer. Watch this.   
','0');
Double Wide

Q: What is a double-wide salad?  
A: It's for people who can't afford a house salad.  
','0');
Human DNA and Goats

Q: What did the farmer say when he read that genetic engineers were implanting human DNA into goats?
 
 A: Hell I've been doing that for years.  
','0');
Duck-Hunting Dog Tells All

A man invites a friend to watch his prize duck hunting dog at work.
 
 They approach the first pond the dog runs ahead into the brush.  He comes back and waves his tail once. The owner tells his friend that this means there is one duck on the pond. They walk up and sure enough one duck flies off.
 
 At the second pond the dog waves his tail three times.  The owner explains that this means there are three ducks on the pond. When they walk up exactly three ducks take flight.
 
 At the third pond the dog runs back and forth humping the hunters' legs and chasing his tail. The friend asks what in the world this means. The owner explains This means there are so many f**king ducks on that pond he can't even count them.  
','0');
A Virgin Hick

 
Two West Virginia hicks get married and spend their honeymoon in a local motel. Right before they consummate the marriage the women says Be gentle I'm a virgin. 
The man is visibly upset and storms off to his family's home. He tells them what happened and his dad says, If she isn't good enough for her own family, she sure as hell isn't good enough for you!  
','0');
Redneck Halloween

Q: What do rednecks do on Halloween?       
A: Pump kin.  
','0');
Traveling Salesman

A traveling salesman approached an old farmhouse and noticed the strange behavior of the couple inside. The woman was running the lawn mower over the carpet and the man had one hand dipped in a fish bowl and was playing with himself with the other. The salesman assumed they were crazy and   moved on.    
After he'd finished his pitch at the next farmhouse, he mentioned what he'd just seen.  
 Oh, those folks ain't crazy,  the farmer said,    They're both deaf mutes. She was telling him to mow the lawn, and he was telling her to go f**k herself because he was going fishing.   
','0');
World's Toughest Cowboy

Three cowboys sit around a campfire bragging about their adventures.
 
 The first says I gotta be the meanest toughest cowboy there is. Just the other day a bull got loose in the corral and gored six men. I wrestled that sumbitch to the ground with my bare hands.
 
 The second cowboy laughs That's nothing. I come across a rattler on the trail yesterday grabbed it round the neck and bit its head off. I drank that venom down in one gulp and I'm still here today!
 
 The third cowboy remains silent slowly stirring the embers with his penis.  
','0');
Harvard Attitude

There was a young country boy who was very bright. In fact he was bright enough to be accepted to Harvard.  
One of his first assignments at Harvard was to write a paper on a famous person. He didn't know who he would write about so he decided to go to the library and do some research. But he didn't know where the library was. He saw a professor walking down the hall. He stopped the professor and said to him, Do you know where the library is at? 
The professor looks at him strangely and says, Young man, here at Harvard we never end a sentence in a preposistion. 
The young man says, Oh, excuse me. Do you know where the library is at, asshole?  
','0');
Why do Scotsmen wear kilts?

Q: Why do Scotsmen wear kilts? 
A: Because the sound of zippers scare the sheep away.  
','0');
Signs You're Logged On to a Redneck's Computer

-- The keyboard is camouflaged.
 
 -- The password is bubba.
 
 -- The screen has a Dale Earnhardt sticker on it.
 
 -- The monitor is up on blocks.  
','0');
Redneck Birth Control... Daughter

A redneck takes his daughter to the doctor to get birth control pills. The doctor wonders if she's a little young for birth control pills and asks her father if she's sexually active. The father replies ?No she just kinda lays there just like her mother.?  
','0');
Sheep Boy

A farmer finds a man screwing one of his sheep and a little boy watching.
 
 He walks up to the boy and asks Who's that screwing my sheep?
 
 The boy replies That's my Daa-aa-aad.  
','0');
Southern Hospitality in Flight

Two ladies a Yankee and a Southern Belle are sitting next to each other on a plane. The Southern Belle turns to the Yankee and asks So where y'all from?
 
 The Yankee replies I am from a place where we do not end our sentences with a preposition.
 
 Without missing a beat the Southern Belle bats her lashes and asks So where y'all from bitch?  
','0');
How to Sell Lawnmowers
A young man got a new job running the register at a store. The old store owner said he would teach him how to up-sell.
 
 Watch how I do it he said to the new hire.
 
 As a customer put a bag of grass seed on the counter the old-timer said to him When you plant those seeds and the grass starts growing you're going to need a new lawnmower to cut the grass.
 
 You know said the man I do need a new mower. Sure I'll take one.
 
 After the customer left the new kid said I think I see what you mean. Let me handle this next one.
 
 A customer stepped up to the counter and set down a box of tampons. The young salesman said You know you should get you a new lawnmower to go with that.
 
 The man asked the young salesman What are you talking about?
 
 It looks like your weekend's shot so you might as well cut the grass.  
','0');
Designated drunkard

Rednecks don't let friends drive home drunk  they get drunk and ride with them.  
','0');
Salesman/Farmhouse v. 6.0
A salesman s car breaks down in the pouring rain outside a farmhouse. 
The salesman bangs on the farmhouse door.
 The next morning, the farmer s daughter wakes up to find her father in bed with the salesman.  She shoots them both and takes off in the salesman s car. 
She assumes the salesman s identity and meets all of his quotas.  
','0');
What's the best part about gardening?
What's the best part of gardening? 
Getting down and dirty with my hoes   
','0');
Broken Down
Once there was this man whose car broke down.  He realized after looking for help for 10 minutes that there was a small farmhouse with an old lady sitting on the porch.  He told her his unfortunate story and she gladly let him in.  But first she told him  I have three rules that you musn't break or I'll see to it that you meet justice!  But since talking hurts my throat so much I won't tell you my rules.      
She let him sleep in the laundry room.  He found himself a comfortable pile of old wool sweaters.  After puffing his pillow he realized that a pair of pants were hanging down from a clothes line over top of his new bed.  Seeing that it was no big deal he pulled them down.  Instantly the old lady darted into the room and said,  YOU BROKE MY FIRST RULE!      
He was sent outside to sleep in the donkey's stable.  Right beside him was a tiny donkey kicking him so much that he slapped it.  In a flash grandma was there:  You broke the second rule. Watch out.      
He was sent onto the porch to sleep.  All of a sudden a big, ugly cat came along and started rubbing all over him.  Being allergic to cat hair, he shaved it bald.  Here came the grandma.   You broke the third rule,  she starts,  I'm calling the cops.      
The cops came and requested a description of what happened.  The old lady said,  That man is a damned rapist.   He pulled down my pants, slapped my ass and shaved my pussy!   
','0');
Chucky at the Movies
An old farmer went to town to see a movie. The ticket agent asked Sir what's that on your shoulder?  
The old farmer said, That's my pet rooster Chucky, wherever I go, Chucky goes.  
I'm sorry sir., said the ticket agent, We don't allow animals in the theater.  
The old farmer went around the corner and stuffed the bird down his pants. He returned to the booth, bought a ticket and entered the theater. He sat down next to two old widows named Mildred and Marge.  
The movie started and the rooster began to squirm. The old farmer unzipped his pants so Chucky could stick his head out and watch the movie. 
 Marge, whispered Mildred.  
What, said Marge.  
I think this guy next to me is a pervert., said Mildred.  
What makes you think that, asked Marge.  
He unzipped his pants and he has his thing out, whispered Mildred.  
Well, don't worry about it, said Marge, At our age we've seen them all.  
I thought so, said Mildred, But this one is eating my popcorn!  
','0');
West Virginia's Yearly Confusion

Q: What is the most confusing day in West Virginia?
 
 A: Father's Day.  
','0');
Prison Mail
A prisoner in jail receives a letter from his wife: Dear husband I have decided to plant some lettuce in the back garden. When is the best time to plant them?
 
 The prisoner knowing that the prison guards read all mail replies in a letter: Dear wife whatever you do do not touch the back garden. That is where I hid all the money.
 
 A week or so later he receives another letter from his wife. Dear husband you wouldn't believe what happened. Some men came with shovels to the house and dug up the back garden.
 
 The prisoner writes back: Dear wife now is the best time to plant the lettuce.   
','0');
Railroad Redneck
Three railroad workers a Chinese man an Italian and a redneck are all sitting down to lunch. 
The Chinese man says, If I get another egg roll in my lunch, I'll kill myself. 
The Italian guy says, If I get another slice of pizza, I'll kill myself. 
The redneck says, Iffin I get another ham hock, I'll kill myself. 
The next day, all three men get the same lunches, so they throw themselves in front of an oncoming train. At the funeral the Chinese man's wife says, If only I hadn't packed an egg roll that day. 
The Italian guy's wife says, If only I hadn't packed a slice of pizza that day. 
Don't look at me, says the redneck's wife. He done packed his own vittles.  
','0');
Mad Cows
Two cows were talking in the field. One cow says Have you heard about the Mad Cow disease that's going around? 
The other cow answers, Yeah, makes you glad you're a penguin, doesn't it?   
','0');
Farmers and Goats

Q: Why do farmers bang goats on the edge of cliffs?    
 
 A: So the goats will push back.  
','0');
Murderous Neighbor
A judge asks a defendant to please stand. You are charged with murdering a garbage man with a chain saw.
 
 From the back of the courtroom a man shouts You lying bastard!
 
 Silence in the court! The judge turns to the defendant again and says You are also charged with killing a paperboy with a shovel.
 
 You tightwad! blurts the spectator.
 
 Quiet! yelled the judge. You are also charged with killing a mailman with an electric drill.
 
 You cheap son of a...  the spectator starts to shout.
 
 The judge thunders back  I will hold you in contempt! What is the reason for your outbursts?
 
 I've lived next to that lying bastard for 10 years now but do you think he ever had a tool when I needed to borrow one?  
','0');
Dirty Cowboy Mustache

Q: Why did the cowboy have sh*t in his mustache?
 
 A: 'Cuz he'd been lookin' for love in all the wrong places.  
','0');
Fancy Apples
This guy was driving along a country road.  Along the side of the road he sees a sign: Apples $5.00 each.  So he pulls over to the side of the road and asks the farmer why his apples are so expensive.  The farmer says Well these are peanut butter and jelly apples.  So the guy buys one.  He says These apples only taste like jelly where's the peanut butter? The farmer says Turn the apple over and take a bit of the other side.  Sure enough the other side tasted like peanut butter.    
So he continues on his way and along the side of the road he sees another sign: Apples, $20.00 each.  So he gets out and asks the farmer why these apples are so expensive.  These are ham and cheese apples, the farmer says.  So the guy buys one.  The apple only tasted like ham, so he asked the farmer why and he said, Turn the apple over and you will taste the cheese.   
Then he is driving down the road again and he sees another sign: Apples, $50.00 each.  So he asks the farmer, What's up with these apples being so expensive?  The farmer tells him they are p***y apples.  So the guy buys one.  He takes a bite into the apple and says This apple tastes like s**t!  And the farmer says, Turn it over.  
','0');
Culture Shock
Two cups of yogurt walk into a bar. The bartender says We don't serve your kind in here.  One cup of yogurt says Why not?  We're cultured individuals.  
','0');
Dirt Road

Some advice for guys: When the red river's flowin' take the dirt road.  
','0');
Redneck Booty Call... Teeth

The fewer teeth you have the better I like it!
   
','0');
A Perfect Circle
Q: What did the farmer use to make crop circles? 
A:  A Protractor  
','0');
Survivor for Alabamans
With the overwhelming response to the CBS hit Survivor Alabamans have made their own version.   
Contestants are given pink car to drive from Dothan, to Birmingham, on to Decatur, and back to Dothan.  On each car is a bumper sticker that says, I'm gay, I'm a yankee, and I'm here to steal your guns!  First one back wins.  
','0');
Where's Ice Cube
 Eve and Cedric?
Q: Where did the sheep  get its haircut? 
A: The ba-ba shop  
','0');
Redneck Death

What's the last thing a redneck says before he dies?  
 
   Hey!  Watch this...  
','0');
Yankees and the Lightbulb

How many yankees does it take to screw in an   lightbulb?    
 
   None. Thats what rednecks are for.  
','0');
Redneck Honeymoon Suite

A redneck couple goes to a hotel for their honeymoon. The husband goes to the front desk and stresses that this is a very important occasion and they'll need a deluxe suite.
 
 The clerk says Well I can give you the bridal.
 
 The fellow thinks a moment and replies No that's not necessary. I'll just hold onto her ears until she gets used to it.  
','0');
Free Sex with Fill Up
Two good ol' boys were driving down the road   when they  needed some gas.  After a while they saw   a sign that read Free Sex with Fill-up.   They decided to pull in and asked the attendant  for a full tank.    After he was done they paid and the attendant started to walk   away.
 Wait, the driver yelled, what about my free sex?    The attendant rolled his eyes and came back to the car.
 Okay, but you will have to guess a   number between 1 and 10.    
 6.
 No, the answer was 3. Sorry.   As the attendant started to walk off, the   passenger asked to guess. The attendant agreed.
 7.  
 No, I told you the answer   was 3.  The driver then sped off.
 I think that game was   rigged, said the passenger. There is no way to win.'   
 Uh-uh, the driver said. My wife won   three times last week.   
','0');
Taking the Bait
An old farmer is sitting on his front porch watching the sunrise when he sees the neighbor's kid walk by carrying a spool of something metallic under his arm. Hey boy whatcha got there?
 
 Chicken wire.
 
 What you gonna do with that?
 
 Gonna catch some chickens.
 
 You damn fool! You can't catch chickens with chicken wire! says the old man.
 
 The boy just laughs and keeps walking. That evening at sunset the boy walks by dragging behind him 30 chickens caught in the chicken wire.
 
 The next morning the old man sees the boy walk by carrying a shiny roll of something. Hey boy whatcha got there?
 
 Duct tape.
 
 What you gonna do with that?
 
 Gonna catch me some ducks.
 
 You damn fool! You can't catch ducks with duct tape!
 
 The boy just laughs and keeps walking. That evening at sunset the boy walks by trailing behind him 30 ducks caught in a long trail of duct tape.
 
 The next morning the old man sees the boy walking by carrying a branch behind him. Hey boy whatcha got there?
 
 It's a pussy willow.
 
 Wait up says the old man. I'll get my hat!   
','0');
Why was the mommy horse
Why was the mommy horse upset with her son the mule? 
Because he came out half-assed.  
','0');
Rooster in His Declining Years
An old farmer decided it was time to get a new rooster for his hens.  The current rooster was   still doing an okay job but he was getting on in  years and the farmer figured getting a new rooster   couldn't hurt.  So he buys a new cock from the   local rooster emporium and turns him loose in the   barnyard.    Well the old rooster sees the young one strutting   around and he's a little worried about being replaced. He walks up to   the new bird. 
So you're the new stud in   town?  I bet you really think you're hot stuff   don't you?  Well I'm not ready for the chopping   block yet.  I'll bet I'm still the better bird.    And to prove it, I challenge you to a race around   that hen house over there.  We'll run around it   ten times and whoever finishes first gets to have   all the hens for himself.  
   Well, the young rooster was a proud sort, and he   definitely thought he was more than a match for   the old guy.   
You're on, he said, and since   I'm so great, I'll even give you a head start of   half a lap.  I'll still win easy!    
So the two roosters go over to the henhouse to   start the race with all the hens gathering to   watch.  The race begins and all the hens start   cheering the old rooster on.  After the first lap,   the old rooster is still maintaining his lead.    
After the second lap, the old guy's lead has   slipped a little -- but he's still hanging in there.  Unfortunately, the old rooster's lead continues to   slip each time around, and by the fifth lap he's   just barely in front of the young fella.    By now the farmer has heard the commotion.  He   runs into the house, gets his shotgun and runs   into the barnyard figuring a fox or something is   after his chickens.  When he gets there, he sees   the two roosters running around the henhouse,   with the old rooster still slightly in the lead.    He immediately takes his shotgun, aims, fires, and   blows the young rooster away.     
Damn. That's the third gay rooster I've bought this month.  
','0');
Country Party
A city guy buys a ranch. He sits on the porch of his new house taking in the fresh country air when a dusty truck pulls up.
 
 Howdy neighbor! calls the man in the truck.  I came to invite you to a little Welcome to the Neighborhood party at my place tonight. 
 
 Well that's mighty fine of you the city guy replies.
 
 It's going to be great the neighbor adds. There's gonna be eatin' drinkin' fightin' and f**kin'!
 
 Sounds great the city guy replies. What should I wear?
 
 Aww it don't matter the neighbor says. It's just gonna be you and me!  
','0');
Arkansas Fertility

Q: Why are there no fertility clinics in Arkansas?
 
 A: Sooner or later they find a potent cousin.  
','0');
Safe Sex for Rednecks
Q. How do rednecks have safe sex? 
A. They mark the sheep that kick!  
','0');
Arkansas State Residency Application
ARKANSAS STATE RESIDENCY APPLICATION     
   Name: ________________  (_) Billy-Bob               (last)        (_) Billy-Joe                             (_) Billy-Ray                             (_) Billy-Sue                             (_) Billy-Mae                             (_) Billy-Jack                             (_) Billy-Jefferson                             (Check appropriate box)       
 Age: ____     Sex: ____ M _____ F _____ N/A      
Shoe Size: ____ Left ____ Right         
Occupation:     (_)Farmer     (_)Mechanic     (_)Hair Dresser     (_)Unemployed        
Spouse's Name: __________________________        
Relationship with spouse:     (_) Sister     (_) Brother     (_) Aunt     (_) Uncle     (_) Cousin     (_) Mother     (_) Father     (_) Son     (_) Daughter     (_) Pet        
Number of children living in household: ___       Number that are yours: ___        
Mother's Name: _______________________       Father's Name: _______________________ (If not   sure, leave blank)        
Education: 1 2 3 4 (Circle highest grade completed)        
Do you (_)own or (_)rent your mobile home?    (Check appropriate box)       
 ___ Total number of vehicles you own     ___ Number of vehicles that still crank     ___ Number of vehicles in front yard     ___ Number of vehicles in back yard     ___ Number of vehicles on cement blocks        
Firearms you own and where you keep them:     ____ truck     ____ bedroom     ____ bathroom     ____ kitchen     ____ shed        
Model and year of your pickup: ___________194_        
Newspapers/magazines you subscribe to:     (_)The National Enquirer     (_)The Globe     (_)TV Guide     (_)Soap Opera Digest        
___ Number of times you've seen a UFO     ___ Number of times you've seen Elvis     ___ Number of times you've seen Elvis in a UFO       
How often do you bathe:     (_)Weekly     (_)Monthly     (_)Not Applicable       Color of teeth:     (_)Yellow     (_)Brownish-Yellow     (_)Brown     (_)Black     (_)N/A        
Brand of chewing tobacco you prefer:     (_)Red-Man        
How far is your home from a paved road?     (_)1 mile     (_)2 miles     (_)don't know  
','0');
Randy Rooster
A farmer buys a rooster to service his 200 hens. When he gets the rooster into the barnyard he tells him Randy I want you to pace yourself now. You've got a lot of chickens to service here and you cost me a lot of money. Have fun but take your time.
 
 The farmer points him toward the henhouse and the rooster takes off like a shot.
 
 WHAM! Randy nails every hen in the henhouse three or four times. Randy runs out and sees a flock of geese down by the lake. WHAM! He nails all the geese. Randy runs to the pigpen the cow pasture -- soon he's been on every animal on the farm.
 
 The farmer is distraught worried that his expensive rooster won't even last the day.
 
 Sure enough the farmer wakes up the next morning to find Randy laid out flat in the middle of the yard buzzards circling overhead.
 
 The sad farmer shakes his head and says Oh Randy I told you to pace yourself.
 
 Randy opens one eye winks and nods towards the sky Shhh they're getting closer.  
','0');
Hillbilly Newlyweds
A newly married hillbilly couple decided they wanted children but didn't know how to go about it. Questions and conversations with friends and relatives proved no help until a neighbor said they should go to town and ask the Big City Doctor. The doctor let them look at a child's book about where babies came from but to no avail. He tried his own explanation but was met with blank stares. Exasperated he took them to his private office and showed them a porno movie. This was also useless. Angrily he ordered the girl to strip told the man to watch and had sex with her on the couch.  
 Now, do you understand?  he asked. 
 I just have one question. How many times a week do I have to bring her in for this?   
','0');
New Bull
Three bulls heard the rancher was bringing another bull onto the ranch.
 
 First Bull: I've been here five years. I'm not giving this new bull any of my 100 cows.
 
 Second Bull: I've been here three years and have earned my right to 50 cows. I'm keeping all my cows.
 
 Third Bull: I've only been here a year and so far you guys have only let me have 10 cows. I may not be as big as you fellows but I'm keeping all 10 of my cows.
 
 Just then an 18-wheeler pulls up in the pasture carrying the biggest bull they've ever seen. At 4700 pounds each step he takes strains the steel ramp.
 
 First Bull: I think I can spare a few cows for our new friend.
 
 Second Bull: I actually have too many cows to take care of. I can spare a few. I'm certainly not looking for an argument.
 
 They look over at the third bull and find him pawing the dirt shaking his horns and snorting.
 
 First Bull: Son don't be foolish -- let him have some of your cows and live to tell about it.
 
 Third Bull: Hell he can have all my cows. I'm just making sure he knows I'm a bull.  
','0');
Ba Ba Black Sheep
Clem pulled over the car by the side of the road and showed Jed where he'd first had sex. 
It was right down there by that tree. I remember the day plainly. It was a warm summer day. She and I were so much in love. We walked down to the tree and made love for hours, Clem recalled. 
That sounds wonderful, said Jed. 
Yes. It was okay until I looked up and noticed her mother was standing right there watching us. 
Oh my God! What did her mother say when she saw you making love to her daughter? 
Baaaaa...  
','0');
Cow or Tractor

If a farmer was only able to choose between buying a cow or a tractor what should he pick. On one hand he would look funny riding on a cow.  On the other hand he would look funnier trying to milk a tractor.  
','0');
Farmer and the Cow
A farmer was in a bar drinking and looking all depressed.  
His friend asked him why he was looking depressed and he replied, Some things you just can't explain.  This morning I was outside milking.  As soon as the bucket was fill the cow kicked it down with his left foot so I tied up his left to a pole.  
I began to fill up the bucket again and he kicked it down with his right foot, so I tied his right to a pole too. 
 As soon as I finished milkin  him again he knocked down the bucket with his with his tail and I took off my belt and tied up his tail with my belt. 
As I was tying up his tail, my pants dropped down, then my wife came out and well,  trust me, some things you just can't explain!  
','0');
Sheepish
What do you call a West Virginian which a sheep under each arm?  
A pimp!  
','0');
Mmmmmmmilk
A farmer ordered a high-tech milking machine. It happened that the equipment arrived when his wife was away. So he decided to test it on himself first. 
He inserted his penis into the equipment, turned the switch on, and voila, everything else was automatic! He really had a good time as the equipment provided him with as much pleasure as his wife did. However, when the fun was over, he found that he could not take the instrument off. He read the manual, but did not find any useful information. 
He tried every button on the instrument - some made the equipment squeeze, shake, or suck harder or less - but still he had no success getting out of it. Panicking, he just barely reached the phone and called the supplier's customer service hotline. 
The farmer: Hello, I just bought a milking machine from your company. It worked fantastic. But how can I take it off from the cow's udder? 
Customer Service: Don't worry. The machine was programmed to releaseautomatically after collecting about 2 gallons of milk.  
','0');
Redneck Girl

How do you know when you have a true redneck girl?      
   When she can chew tabacco and give you a blow job at the same time and knows which one to spit and which one to swallow.  
','0');
Tard with a Tie

What do you call a mentally disabled person in a fancy suit?   
 
     Mr. President.  
','0');
Southern Psychology
At a southern university students in the psychology program attend their first class on emotional extremes.
 
 Just to establish some parameters says the professor to a student from Arkansas what is the opposite of joy?
 
 Sadness says the student.
 
 And the opposite of depression? he asks a young lady from Oklahoma.
 
 Elation she says.
 
 And you sir he asks a young man from Texas what about the opposite of woe?
 
 The Texan replies Sir I believe that would be 'giddy up.'  
','0');
Toothpaste Inventor
Q: How do you know that someone from West Virginia invented toothpaste?
 
 A: If anyone else would have invented it it would be called teethpaste.  
','0');
WINDERS 98
MICROSOFT NEWS RELEASE:
 It has come to our attention that a few copies of the Georgia edition of Windows 98 may have accidentally been shipped outside Georgia. If you have one of the Georgia editions you may need some help understanding thecommands. 
The Georgia edition may be recognized by looking at the opening screen. 
 It reads WINDERS 98 with abackground picture of the General Lee super imposed on a Confederate flag. It is shippedwith a Daisy Duke screen saver. 
Also note:   
Recycle Bin is labeled Outhouse
   My Computer is called This Infernal Contraption
   Dialup Networking is called Good Ol' Boys
   Control Panel is known as the Dern Dashboard
   Hard Drive is referred to as 4 wheel drive
   Floppies are them little ole plastic disc thangs. 
Other features: 
    Instead of an error message you geta winder covered with a garbage bag and duct tape.   
OK = ats aww-right
   cancel = hail no
   reset = awa shoot
   yes = shore
   no = Naaaa
   find = hunt-fer it
   go to = over yonder
   back = back yonder
   help = hep me out here
   stop = ternit off
   start = crank it up
   settings = sittins
   programs = stuff that does stuff
   documents = stuff I done done 
    Also note that winders 98 does notrecognize capital letters or punctuation marks. 
    Some programs that are exclusive towinders 98:   
tiperiter................A word processor
   colering book............a graphics program
   addin mershene...........calculator
   scratch paper ...........notepad
   jupe-box ................CD Player
   inner-net................Microsoft Explorer
   pichers..................A graphics viewer
   IRS......................M/S accounting software
   IRS2.....................M/S accounting software with hidden files
   coon dog.................American kennel club records
   fishin...................Bass Anglers Sportsman Society records.
   NRA......................National Rifle Association
   shot gun ................Remington Arms price list
   riffel...................Winchester price list
   pisstel..................Smith &amp; Wesson price list
   truck....................Ford &amp; Chevrolet dealers in GA. by zip code
   house....................Nearest Mobil home repair service by zip code
   car .....................same as truck, just need two lists in Texas
   cuzzins..................family history usually a 3 meg file
   tax records..............usually an empty file
   shells...................ammunition inventory, another 3 meg file
   bud......................list of Budwiser dealers by zip code
   racin....................NASCAR racing schedule includes list of TV stations that carry  the race car n' truck
   Parts.......nearest Junk yard by zip code
   doc .....................veterinarians by zip code 
    We regret any inconvenience it mayhave caused if you received a copy of the Georgia edition. You may return it to Microsoftfor a replacement version.  
','0');
Sick Hick
A redneck felt sick and decided to go to the doctor. The doctor examined him. 
I can't seem to find the problem, but I think it has something to do with alcohol.  
Well, said the redneck, then I'll come back when you're sober.'  
','0');
Country Politics
A busload of politicians were driving down a country road when suddenly the bus ran off the road and crashed into an old farmer s barn. 
 
 The old farmer got off his tractor and went to investigate. Soon he dug a hole and buried the politicians. A few days later, the local sheriff came out, saw the crashed bus and asked the old farmer where all the politicians had gone. 
 
 The old farmer told him he had buried them. 
 
 The sheriff asked the old farmer, Lordy, were they ALL dead? 
 
 The old farmer said, Well, some of them said they weren t, but you know how them crooked politicians lie.  
','0');
What's Red (Nastiest Joke)
What's red and crawls up your leg?  
A homesick abortion!  
','0');
Louisiana Heritage
A few clues to being a true Louisianan: 
1.   Your idea of a traffic jam is ten cars waiting to pass a tractor on the highway. 
2.   Vacation means going to the family reunion. 
3.   You've seen all the biggest bands ten years after they were popular. 
4.   You measure distance in minutes. 
5.   You know several people who have hit a deer. 
6.   Your school classes were canceled because of cold. 
7.   Your school classes were canceled because of heat. 
8.   You've ever had to switch from heat to A/C in the same day. 
9.   You think ethanol makes your truck run a lot better. 
10. Stores don't have bags; they have sacks. 
11. You see people wearing bib overalls at funerals. 
12. You see a car running in the parking lot at the store with no one in it, no matter what time of the year. 
13. You use fix as a verb. Example: I am fixing to go to the store. 
14. All the festivals across the state are named after a fruit, vegetable, grain, or animal. 
15. You install security lights on your house and garage and leave both unlocked. 
16. You think of the major four food groups as beef, pork, beer, and Jell-O salad with marshmallows. 
17. You carry jumper cables in your car. 
18. You know what cow tipping and snipe hunting are. 
19. You only own four spices: salt, pepper, ketchup, and Tabasco. 
20. You think everyone from a bigger city has an accent. 
21. You think sexy lingerie is a tee shirt and boxer shorts. 
22. The local paper covers national and international news on one page but requires 6 pages for sports. 
23. You think that deer season is a national holiday. 
24. You find 90 degrees F a little warm. 
25. You know all 4 seasons: Almost summer, summer, Still summer, and Christmas. 
26. You know if another Louisianan is from southern, middle, or northern Louisiana as soon as they open their mouth. 
27. There is a Dairy Queen in every town with a population of 1000 or more. 
28. You describe the first cool snap (below 70 degrees) as good gumbo weather.  
','0');
Pa Won't Like It
A farm boy accidentally overturned his wagonload of corn. The farmer who lived nearby heard the noise and yelled over to the boy Hey Willis forget your troubles. Come in and visit with us. I'll help you get the wagon up later.
 
 That's mighty nice of you Willis answered but I don't think Pa would like me to.
 
 Aw come on boy the farmer insisted.
 
 Well OK the boy finally agreed and added but Pa won't like it.
 
 After a hearty dinner Willis thanked his host. I feel a lot better now but I know Pa is going to be real upset.
 
 Don't be foolish! the neighbor said with a smile. By the way where is he?
 
 Under the wagon.  
','0');
West Virginia Deer
What do you call a deer with no eyes?      
 No ideer (no eye deer with southern twang - in case you didn't catch that)       
What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs?
 Still no ideer.       
What do you call a deer with no eyes, legs and no balls?      
 Still no fuckin' ideer!  
','0');
Redneck Booty Call... Check Out

I'd like to check out your outhouse!
   
','0');
Southern Foreplay

What do you call foreplay in Alabama?   
 
'Hey sis you awake?'  
','0');
Lucky MotherDucker
Once there was a farmer.  He had two teenage sons.    This farmer had just inherited some of money from his brother's recent death.  He couldn't decide   which son he could send to college since he could only afford to send one.   
This farmer also had two ducks.  These ducks were retarded.  They were only two ducks on the farm that weren't normal.  He told his sons that whoever could get the most money for the duck would go to college.   
The sons   went out in attempt to collect as much money as   they could.    The first son was walking down the street when he passed a man working in the yard.  The man asked him if the duck was for sale, for the man loved the taste of ducks.  He offered the son 10 dollars for his duck.  The son decided this was very good, so he took it.  He decided his brother wouldn't be able to get close to his success. 
The second son was walking and passed a whorehouse.  He went in and said that he didn't have any money, but he would give them the duck.  One girl said fine. After they f**ked, she decided that she didn't want the duck anymore.  The son said he would take the duck back if they f**ked again.  She agreed.  After they f**ked the second time, the son left.   
He was walking home, thinking about what to do with the duck when it broke the leash.  The duck ran out into the street and was hit by a car.  The lady that hit it jumped from her car and started apologizing profusely.  The son insisted it was ok, but the lady said she would pay for the duck.  She was in a hurry, so she gave him 25 dollars and sped off.    
When the sons got home, the farmer asked the first son what he got.  He proudly displayed the 10 dollars.  The farmer was impressed.  He asked the second son the same thing.   
That's nothing.  I got a f**k for a duck, a duck for a f**k, and 25 dollars for a f**ked up duck.  
','0');
West Virginian Women

What do you call 32 West Virginian women in one   room?  
 
A full set of teeth.  
','0');
Gonna Marry
A redneck boy runs into his house and proclaims I've found the girl that I'm gonna marry! And she's a virgin!  
Incensed, his father pounds his fist on the table.  
There's no way you'll marry that girl! If she aint' good enough for her own family, she ain't good enough for ours.  
','0');
Fisherman's Friend
Did you hear the one about the good-looking teenage girl who went on a fishing trip with six old men?    
 She came home with a red snapper.  
','0');
What do you call 88 rednecks...
What do you call 88 rednecks in an orgy? 
A family reunion.  
','0');
Early Morning Rings
One night Sam went out drinking only to find the next morning he had two rings around his penis.   Immediately he went to the doctor.   
I have some good news and some bad news, said the doctor. The good news is the red ring is lipstick and the bad news is the brown ring is Skoal.  
','0');
Busy Redneck

Q: What do you call a redneck with a pig under one arm and a sheep under the other?
 
 A: Bisexual.  
','0');
Bow-Legged Cowgirls

Q: Why do cowgirls walk bow-legged?
 
 A: Their boyfriends eat with their hats on.  
','0');
I'm Very Bullish On Milk
A farmer and a son live on a farm.  The farmer is sitting in the kitchen when his son  comes in from the barn with a large glass of white liquid.  He is so excited because he's just milked a cow.    Then he takes a big drink from the glass.  His father  just stares at him.
Son, we don't have a cow. We have a bull.  
','0');
Redneck Booty Call... Sister
C'mon you're my only sister!
','0');
A Special Night in Iowa
Q: What do you call a bunch of tractors parked in front of a McDonald's on Friday night in Iowa?
A: Prom.  
','0');
Yo' Mama Is So Redneck... Door Mat
Yo' Mama is so redneck the door mat to her trailer home doubles as a mad flap for her pick up truck.  
','0');
Monster Mystery
What has 72 arms and 36 heads an has an I.Q.  of 12? 
A redneck bar on Friday night  
','0');
Ma Pa And The Rump Pump
Ma and Pa are sitting out on the front porch one   day. 
You know what? Junior's 21. It's time we taught him about sex. Junior, get out here!.  Junior   runs out. 'Junior, I think it's time to teach you   about sex. 
Sex, says Junior. What's sex?    
Well, Pa says. Take off your clothes, Ma.    
So Ma takes off her clothes. You see   that hole in Ma? Watch this.  
Pa starts doing it right there on the porch.  A little while   goes by and Junior's younger brother, Bubba comes out on the porch and asks what's going on.   
Ma and Pa are teaching me about sex. 
Sex? What's sex? 
See that hole in Pa? Watch this!  
','0');
Little Red Riding Hood
Little Red Riding Hood was packing her things. Her mother asked Where are you going Lil' Red?  
Red said, To grandma's.  
Her mother said, Okay, but watch out for the Big Bad Wolf. He'll pull up your little red dress, pull down your little red panties and freak your little red socks off.  
Lil' Red replied, Don't worry, I've got a gun. 
So about a mile down the road, Lil' Red met the Three Little Pigs. They asked where she was going and she said, Grandma's house.  
The Pigs warned, Watch out for the Big Bad Wolf. He'll pull up your little red dress, pull down your little red panties and freak your little red socks off!  
She told them,  Don't worry, I've got a gun. 
About two more miles down the road, the Big Bad Wolf leapt out of the forest and grabbed Lil' Red. He shouted Ha! I finally caught you!  
And she cried, Don't tell me you're gonna pull up my little red dress, pull down my little red panties and freak my little red socks off.  
Yes I am, said the Wolf, drooling.  
No, you ain't, said Little Red.  
What do you mean, said the Wolf, taken aback. 
Lil' Red pulled up her little red dress, pulled down her little red panties, pulled out her big silver gun and said, Nope, you're gonna eat me like it says in the book.  
','0');
Stayin' Alive
A cowboy told his grandson the secret to a long life.  
He said, You gotta sprinkle a little gunpowder on your oatmeal, see. If you do, you'll live to a nice ripe old age.  
So the cowboy did this religiously every day, and sure enough, lived to the nice ripe old age of 96.  
When he died he left behind 4 children, 8 grandchildren, 15 great-grandchildren  
...and a 16 foot hole in the wall of the crematorium.  
','0');
Identifying Bubba
Bubba dies in a fire and his body is pretty badly burned. The morgue sends for his two best friends Daryl and Gomer to identify the body.
Daryl arrives first and when the mortician pulls back the sheet Daryl says Yup his face is burnt up pretty bad. You better roll him over.
The mortician rolls him over and Daryl says Nope ain't Bubba.
The mortician thinks this is strange. Then he brings Gomer in to identify the body. Gomer takes a look at the face and says Yup he's pretty well burnt up. Roll him over.
The mortician rolls him over and Gomer says No it ain't Bubba.
The mortician asks How can you tell?
Gomer said Well Bubba had two a**holes.
What? He had two a**holes?! exclaims the mortician.
Yup every time we went to town folks would say 'Here comes Bubba with them two a**holes.'  
','0');
Redneck Dog
Two rednecks were sitting on their porch one afternoon and looked down at their dog who was licking his dick.   
One of the the guys looked at the other and said,    I wish that I could do that.     
The other one then said,  'Don't be stupid, man - that dog would bite you!   
','0');
What do Dale Earnhardt and Pink Floyd...
What do Dale Earnhardt and Pink Floyd have in common? 
Their last big hit was The Wall.  
','0');
Bill Clinton's DNA
Dear Mr. Starr:
The test on the dress came back inconclusive. Everyone in Arkansas has the same DNA.
Apologies
The FBI  
','0');
A Sack Full of Chickens
Two rednecks walk down a dirt path. One man has a big sack over his shoulder. The other man asks what's in the sack.
The first man says I got me some chickens for dinner tonight.
The other man asks how many chickens are in the sack.
Well I'll tell you replies the first redneck If you can guess how many chickens I got in this here sack I'll give them both to you.  
','0');
Redneck Christmas Shopping
You know you're a redneck when...  
you go Christmas shopping for your mom, sister, and girlfriend and only come back with one gift.    
','0');
Little Red's Granny
Little Red Riding Hood went to her grandma's house and found her laying in bed.    
Little Red Riding Hood said,  Grandma, what big eyes you have!     
Grandma:  The better to see you with, my dear.    
Little Red Riding Hood:  Grandma, what big ears you have!      
Grandma: The better to hear you with, my dear.      
Little Red Riding Hood:  Grandma, what a big mouth you have!      
Grandma:  Of course I do, have you seen Grandpa's d**k?!?   
','0');
There was a farmer who grew watermelons.
There was a farmer who grew watermelons. He was doing pretty well but he was disturbed by some local kids who would sneak into his watermelon patch at night and eat his watermelons. After some careful thought he came up with a clever idea that he thought would scare the kids away for sure. 
He made up a sign and posted it in the field. The next night, the kids showed up and they saw the sign which read, Warning! One of the watermelons in this field has been injected with cyanide. 
The kids ran off, made up their own sign and posted it next to the farmer's sign. When the farmer returned, he surveyed the field. He noticed that no watermelons were missing, but the sign next to his read, Now there are two! 
 
','0');
Huh?
Why did the farmer sell his frog leg ranch?       
He found out it was a 'rough toad to hoe.'   
','0');
The Redneck-Unabomber Connection
What does a redneck girl and the Unabomber have in common?  
They've both been fingered by their brothers.  
','0');
Kentucky's Virgin
Q: What do you call a virgin from Kentucky?
A: An only child.  
','0');
The Bottom Line
A cowboy rides his horse up to a saloon. 
All the patrons gawked as the cowboy kissed his horse on the butt before coming in and asking for a drink.   
The bartender serves him and asks, Mind if I ask why'd ya kiss your horse on the butt? 
The cowboy says, It's 'cause I got chapped lips. 
The bartender asks, Does manure help them heal? 
Cowboy replies, No, but it keeps me from licking them.  
','0');
Three Dumb Hunters
Three idiots decide to go hunting.  The first one says he's going to get a buck. He goes out and indeed comes back with a buck. The other two hunters ask how he did it.   He says I see tracks. I follow tracks. I get buck. 
So the second hunter says that he's going to get a doe.  And he does.  They ask him how he did it, and he says, I see tracks. I follow tracks. I get doe. 
So the third hunter says, I'm just gonna shoot at anything I see. 
So he goes out and comes back half a day later all beaten, bruised, bloody, and totally trashed. The other two hunters ask him what happened and he says, I see tracks. I follow tracks. I get hit by train!  
','0');
Right of Way
Q: Who has the right of way any time?    
A: The car with a gun rack and a bumper sticker that reads Guns don't kill people I do.  
','0');
My Dog Don't Bite
A hound dog lays in the yard and an old man in overalls sits on the porch.
Excuse me sir but does your dog bite? a jogger asks.
The old man looks over his newspaper and replies Nope.
As soon as the jogger enters the yard the dog begins snarling and growling and then attacks the jogger's legs. As the jogger flails around in the yard he yells I thought you said your dog didn't bite!
The old man mutters Ain't my dog.  
','0');
Married Tennessee Football Player
Q: How can you tell if a University of Tennessee football player is married?
A: There is tobacco spit on both sides of his pickup truck.  
','0');
Redneck College Grad
A redneck family's only son returns home from college. The father asks Well son you done gone to college so you must be perty smart. Why don't you speak some math fer' us?
The son says Pi R squared.
The father yells Why son they ain't teached ya nothin'! Pies are round cornbread are square.  
','0');
Football Fan To The Rescue
Two boys are playing football in Central Park when one is attacked by a rabid rottweiler. Thinking quickly the other boy rips a board off of a nearby fence wedges it down the dog's collar and twists breaking the dog's neck. 
A reporter strolling by sees the incident, and rushes over to interview the boy.  
Young Giants Fan Saves Friend From Vicious Animal, he writes in his notebook.  
But I'm not a Giants fan, the little hero replies. 
Sorry, since we are in New York, I just assumed you were, says the reporter. 
Little Jets Fan Rescues Friend From Horrific Attack, he writes in his notebook.  
I'm not a Jets fan either, the boy says.  
I assumed everyone in New York was either for the Giants or Jets. What team do you root for? the reporter asks.  
I'm a Cowboys fan, the child says.  
The reporter starts a new sheet in his notebook and writes,  Little Redneck Maniac Kills Beloved Family Pet.   
','0');
Top 10 Reasons to Know You're a Redneck
 1. Your dog rides in your truck more than your wife.
 2. You wear specific hats to farm sales, livestock auctions, customer appreciation suppers, and vacations.
 3. You have ever had to wash off in the backyard with a garden hose before your wife would let you in the house.
 4. You've never thrown away a 5-gallon bucket.
 5. You can remember the fertilizer rate, seed population, herbicide rate and yields on a farm you rented 10 years ago, but cannot recall your wife's birthday.
 6. You have used a velvet leaf plant as toilet paper.
 7. You have driven off the road while examining your neighbors crops.
 8. You have borrowed gravel from the county road to fill potholes in your driveway.
 9. You have buried a dog and cried like a baby.
 10. You've used the same knife to make bull calves steers and peel apples.  
','0');
Walks Into a Bar... Taxidermy
A Yankee walks into a bar in Alabama and orders a cosmopolitan. The bartender looks at the man and says You're not from 'round here are ya?
No replies the man I'm from New Hampshire. The bartender looks at him and says Well what do you do in New Hampshire?
I'm a taxidermist says the man. The bartender looks bewildered so the man explains I mount dead animals.
The bartender stands back and hollers to the whole bar It's OK boys! He's one of us!  
','0');
A man went on vacation to Texas...
A man went on vacation to Texas. He went into a diner and ordered an orange juice and a steak. The waitress brough a pitcher of orange juice and the man's jaw dropped.The farmer said, Pardon me, I ordered a glass of orange juice not a whole pitcher. The waitress simply said, Sir, this is Texas.  Every thing is bigger. So when the waitress brought the steak the farmer said, Excuse me, I ordered a steak not the whole cow! Again the waitress said, This is Texas every thing is bigger. After he finished he had to go to the bathroom so he asked the waitress were it was. She told him it was down the hall first door to the left. Just as he walked through the men's room door he fell into a deep pool and screamed, HELP, HELP!  DON'T FLUSH!  
','0');
Mud Hole Moral
A horse and a chicken are playing in a meadow. The horse falls into a mud hole and starts to sink. He entreats the chicken to get the farmer to help pull him to safety. The chicken runs to the farm but the farmer can't be found. So he drives the farmer's Mercedes back to the mud hole ties some rope around the bumper and pulls the horse to safety.
A few days later the chicken and the horse are playing in the meadow again and the chicken falls into a mud hole. The chicken yells to the horse to get help from the farmer. The horse says Wait I think I can stand over the hole! So he stretches over the width of the hole and says Grab my penis and pull yourself up. The chicken does and pulls himself to safety.
The moral of the story: if you are hung like a horse you don't need a Mercedes to pick up chicks.  
','0');
Good Samaritan
Bob walks into a public bathroom and notices a guy with no arms standing next to a urinal. As Bob takes care of his business he wonders how the poor soul is going to take a leak.  Bob finishes and heads for the door but figures he should ask the man if he needs help.   
 Oh yes please!? the man cries. You have a kind heart, sir,  says the man with no arms.  
But as Bob goes ahead, unzips the man, and pulls his willy out, he encounters all kinds of mold, red bumps, moles, scabs, scars, and other unpleasant-looking things. The armless man asks Bob to kindly point it... then shake it, put it back and zip it.   So Bob, gathers his courage, shuts his eyes and does so.  
 Thank you very much, sir!  says the armless man.  
 No problem,   says Bob   but what the hell is wrong with your penis?    
The guy pulls pulls his arms out of his shirt and says  I don't know, but I ain't touching it!  
','0');
Truck Driver & The Bikers
A truck driver stopped at a roadside diner for lunch and ordered a cheeseburger coffee and a slice of apple pie. As he was about to eat three bikers walked in.
One grabbed the trucker's cheeseburger and took a huge bite from it. The second one drank the trucker's coffee and the third wolfed down his apple pie. The truck driver didn't say a word as he paid the waitress and left.
As the waitress walked up one of the motorcyclists growled He ain't much of a man is he?
He's not much of a driver either the waitress replied. He just backed his 18-wheeler over three motorcycles.  
','0');
Rodeo Style
Q: How do cowboys do it rodeo style? 
A: They start out doggy style, hold a breast in each hand, tell her that she feels just like an ex-girlfriend, then see if they can hold on for eight seconds.  
','0');
Redneck Divorce
Q: What do a tornado and a redneck divorce have in common?  
 A: In the end someone is going to lose a trailer.   
','0');
An tragedy and accident and a great loss
George W. Bush is visiting a primary school and he visits one of theclasses. They are in the middle of a discussion related to words and their meanings. The teacher asks the President if he would like to lead the discussion of the word tragedy. 
So the illustrious leader asks the class for an example of a tragedy.One little boy stands up and offers: If my best friend who lives on a farm, is playing in the field and a runaway tractor comes along and knocks him dead, that would be a tragedy. 
No, says President Bush, that would be an accident. 
A little girl raises her hand: If a school bus carrying 50 childrendrove over a cliff, killing everyone inside, that would be a tragedy. 
 I'm afraid not, explains the exalted leader. That's what we wouldcall a great loss. 
The room goes silent. No other children volunteer. President Bushsearches the room. Isn't there someone here who can give me an example of a tragedy? 
Finally at the back of the room, little Johnny raises his hand. In aquiet voice he says: If Air Force One carrying you was struck by a missile and blown to smithereens, that would be a tragedy. 
Fantastic! exclaims President Bush, That's right. And can you tellme why that would be a tragedy? 
Well, says the boy, because it sure as hell wouldn't be a greatloss and it probably wouldn't be an accident either.  
','0');
Cross the Road... Redneck
Q: Why did the redneck cross the road? 
A: He wanted to sleep in the ditch on the other side.   
','0');
