God's Dead Dog

Mom and Dad were trying to console Susie whose dog, Skipper, had recently died. 
  You know,   Mom said,   it's not so bad. Skipper's probably up in Heaven right now, having a grand old time with God.   
Susie stopped crying and asked,   What would God want with a dead dog?      
','0');
Things Children Have Learned
 
 No matter how hard you try, you can't baptize cats.
   When your Mom is mad at your dad, don't let her brush your hair.
   If your sister hits you, don't hit her back. They always catch the second person.
   Never ask your 3-year old brother to hold a tomato.
   You can't trust dogs to watch your food.
   Reading what people write on desks can teach you a lot.
   Don't sneeze when someone is cutting your hair.
   Puppies still have bad breath even after eating a tic tac.
   Never hold a dustbuster and a cat at the same time.
   School lunches stick to the wall.
   You can't hide a piece of broccoli in a glass of milk.
   Don't wear polka-dot underwear under white shorts.
   The best place to be when you are sad is in Grandma's lap.  
','0');
George Willborn: Caught Up in Trouble

It was tough for me got caught up: cutting class drinking smoking gambling raping and pillaging the town. What I'm trying to tell you is the fifth grade was hell for me alright?  
','0');
Little Johnny... Finding Jesus
 
A Sunday school teacher is concerned that his students might be a little confused about Jesus so he asks his class   Where is Jesus today?  
 
 Steven raises his hand and says   He's in Heaven.  
 
 Mary answers   He's in my heart.  
 
 Little Johnny waves his hand furiously and blurts out   He's in our bathroom!  
 
 The surprised teacher asks Little Johnny how he knows this.
 
   Well   Little Johnny says   every morning my father gets up bangs on the bathroom door and yells 'Jesus Christ are you still in there?!'     
','0');
Lima
 
What did the lima bean say before it went into the pot? 
Sufferin' succotash!   
','0');
Playing Trucker
 
A young boy sits on the edge of the sidewalk eats some M&amp;Ms cuts off the back end of a grasshopper and then moves down the curb. He does this over and over.
 
 His mother asks him what he's doing. He says   I'm playing trucker. I pop some pills cut off some a**hole and keep moving.     
','0');
Jimmy Learns a New Word
 
A little boy came home from school one day and told his mother ''Mom today I heard some older kids using some words I don't know the meaning of. Can you tell me what they mean?''     
''Sure,'' his mother said. ''Just tell me what they are.''     
The little boy replied, ''P***y and bitch.''     
His mother said, ''No problem. A pussy is a cat, like the neighbor's Tabby, and a bitch is a female dog, like our Sandy.''     
The boy thanked his mother, and then went out to the garage, where his father was working. ''Dad,'' he began, ''today I heard some kids using some words that I don't know the meaning of. I asked Mom, but I don't think that she gave me the right answer. Can you help me?''     
''Sure,'' his father replied. ''What are the words?''     
''P***y and bitch,'' the boy replied.     
His father said, ''I thought I told you anytime you have a question like that, you were supposed to ask me, and not your mother, because she can't handle it.''    With that, he reached up on a shelf and pulled down an edition of Playboy magazine, and a magic marker. He then took the marker, and drew a circle around the woman's genital area.    ''Son,'' he began, ''everything inside this circle is a p***y.''     
''Okay,'' his son said, ''but what is a bitch?''     
His father said, ''Everything outside this circle.''   
','0');
Let Them Eat Homework
 
Why'd the boy eat his homework? 
His teacher told him it was a piece of cake!   
','0');
Cookie Joke
 
Q: Why did the cookie go to the doctor's office? 
A: It was feeling crummy.    
','0');
Write this one down
 
Knock knock 
 Who's there?  
 You ever hear the joke about the broken pencil?  
 You ever hear the joke about the broken pencil who?  
 Nevermind, it's pointless.    
','0');
The Call of Nature

One fine day in the middle of class at school a girl raised her asking to be excused: ?Teacher can I answer the call of nature?? Knowing what the kid wanted the teacher said okay. Immediately the girl ran to the toilet. But within a minute she was back. Another girl was shocked by how she could actually take care of business so quickly and asked how she managed to do it so fact.The girl responded ?It was a prank call.?  
','0');
Donations to the Preacher
 
After church service a little boy tells his pastor that he is going to give him a lot of money when he grows up. 
  Well thank you   the pastor replies.   But why?   
The little boy says   Because my daddy says you're one of the poorest preachers we've ever had!     
','0');
Little Johnny... Big Word
 
The teacher says   Today we are going to learn multisyllabic words class. Does anyone have an example of a multisyllabic word?  
 
 Little Johnny waves his hand   Me teacher! Oh me me!  
 
 The teacher smiles and says   Alright Johnny what is your multisyllabic word?  
 
 Little Johnny says   Mas-tur-bate.  
 
 The teacher is taken aback but she manages to smile and says   Wow Johnny that's a mouthful.  
 
 Little Johnny says   No ma'am you're thinking of a blow job. I'm talking about jerking off.     
','0');
Baby Drink
 
Q: How do you make a baby drink?  
A: Stick it in the blender.    
','0');
Train Sets and Breasts

Q: What do electric train sets and women's breasts have in common?
 
 A: They were both originally intended for children but grown men play with them.  
','0');
Zookeeper and Three Boys
 
A zookeeper approaches three boys standing near the lions' cage and asks them their names and what they're up to.     
The first boy says,   My name's Tommy and I was trying to feed peanuts to the lions.       
The second boy says,   My name's Billy and I was trying to feed peanuts to the lions.   
The third boy says,   My name is Peanuts.     
','0');
Tony Sculfield: Starving Kid Commercials

When they show you those starving kid commercials why do they have to show you the starvingest kid they can find? You know they have to show you a kid on the side of the road with flies on it. 'Cause I'm sitting there I'm thinking 'I wouldn't go send but five dollars. It takes three days for the mail to get there. By the time my five dollars gets there that kid's gonna be dead. Show me a kid that's got five or six months left I can work with him.'  
','0');
 Little Johnny's   Bookish   Father 
 
Little Johnny was in class and the teacher announced that they were going to try something different to help everyone get to know each other a little better and to help with their spelling.  
She explained,   I want you to stand up and give us the occupation of your father, spell it, and say one thing he would give us all if he was here today.   
The first student raised her hand to volunteer. 
  Marcy,   the teacher said.   You may go first.    
Marcy replied,   My father is a banker. B-A-N-K-E-R and if he was here today, he would give us all a shiny new penny.   
The teacher said,   Very nice, Marcy, who wants to go next?   
Kevin stood up and announced,   My father is a baker. B-A-K-E-R and if he was here today, he would give us all a freshly-baked cookie.   
  Very good,   the teacher told Kevin. 
Jeff was next, and he said,   My father is an accountant. A-K, no wait, A-C-K, no...   
Before he could attempt to spell it once more, the teacher cut him off and told him to sit back down and to think about it for a while. When he thought he knew how to spell it, he could stand back up and try again. 
Little Johnny raised his hand in excitement hoping to be acknowledged by the teacher. The teacher called on little Johnny to go next. 
Johnny said,   My father is a bookie. B-O-O-K-I-E and if he was here today, he would give us all 20:1 odds Jeff will never be able to spell   accountant.     
','0');
Little Johnny... The Way You Think
 
Teacher:   Four crows are on the fence. The farmer shoots one. How many are left?  
 
 Little Johnny:   None.  
 
 Teacher:   Listen carefully: Four crows are on the fence. The farmer shoots one. How many are left?  
 
 Little Johnny:   None.  
 
 Teacher:   Can you explain that answer?  
 
 Little Johnny:   One is shot the others fly away. There are none left.  
 
 Teacher:   Well that isn't the correct answer but I like the way you think.  
 
 Little Johnny:   Teacher can I ask a question?  
 
 Teacher:   Sure.  
 
 Little Johnny:   There are three women in the ice cream parlor. One is licking one is biting and one is sucking her ice cream cone. Which one is married?  
 
 Teacher:   The one sucking the cone.  
 
 Little Johnny:   No. The one with the wedding ring on but I like the way you think.     
','0');
Big Trouble
 
A very tall ninth grader was acting up in class.  
 His teacher told him,   Act your age, not your shoe size.     
The boy looked down at his size 14 shoes and said,   But they're the same.     
','0');
Unappreciated Hanukkah Gift
 
A Jewish guy's mother gives him two sweaters for Hanukkah. The next time he visits her he makes sure to wear one.
 
 As he walks into the house his mother frowns and asks   What -- you didn't like the other one?     
','0');
The Mystery of Childbirth
 
A boy is writing a paper on childbirth and asks his parents   How was I born?  
 
 His mother awkwardly answers   The stork brought you.  
 
   Oh   says the boy.   Well how were you and Daddy born?  
 
   Oh the stork brought us too and Grandpa and Grandma.  
 
 The boy begins his paper   This report has been very difficult to write due to the fact that there hasn't been a natural childbirth in my family for three generations.     
','0');
Seagull's Final Resting Place
 
A four-year-old boy and his father went to the beach.  There was a dead seagull lying on the sand.  The boy asked his father ''Dad what happened to the birdie?''  
His dad told him, ''Son, the bird  died and went to heaven.''   
Then the boy asked, ''Did God throw him back down?''   
','0');
Rectum
 
Johnny's teacher asked the class how their weekends were. 
  Horrible,   said Johnny.   A car hit my cat in the ass!    
  Rectum,   said the teacher.   Say rectum.    
  Rectum? Damn near killed 'em!      
','0');
Useless Tickets
 
A little kid goes to his first movie alone. He buys one ticket and goes in.
 
 A minute later he comes back out to buy another ticket. The man at the counter asks   Why do you want another one?  
 
 The kid replies   Because that man over there ripped the first one in half.     
','0');
Why did the zombie baby cross the road?
 
Why did the zombie baby cross the road? 
To wreak an unholy vengeance upon the driver of the car who's standing there, scratching his head, trying to figure out how a zombie baby's head can be beneath his car tires but the rest of the body is nowhere to be seen-- unless he were to turn around and notice the zombie baby body bearing down on him, coming ever closer, ready with grasping, pudgy zombie baby fingers to tear and rend at the flesh of this self-same driver who ran his head over, on the dark and rain-swept road that snakes down from the castle of the madman who's creating an army of zombie babies to do his dark, libidinal bidding.   
','0');
More Children's Books That Didn't Make It

-- The Littlest Pawn: A Custody Battle
 -- Fun Four-Letter Words to Know and Share
 -- The Curious Immigrant and the High-Voltage Fence
 -- Some Hobos Can Be Kind
 -- Why You Are Up for Adoption
 -- Grandpa Gets a Casket
 -- 101 Things You Can Do at the Bottom of the Pool 
 -- The Magic Abandoned Refrigerator
 -- Oops! You're Getting a Brother
 -- Things Rich Kids Have But You Never Will
 -- Your Nightmares Are Real
 -- Oh the Things That You'll Learn When You Talk to a Stranger!
 -- How Buddy-Wuddy Got Hepatitis B
 -- Mommy Where Did Our House Go and Have You Seen My Toys?
 -- When Everyone Finds Out You Wet the Bed   
','0');
A Wrinkle in Time
 
A little girl got on her grandpa's lap and said    Did God make me?   
  Yes,   the grandpa replied.   
  Did God make you too?    
  Yes,   the grandpa said.   
  Well,   the little girl said, looking at his wrinkles and thinning hair.   He sure is doing a better job nowadays!      
','0');
Knock
 Knock... Old Lady 
Knock knock. 
Who's there? 
Old lady. 
Old lady who? 
I didn't know you could yodel!    
','0');
Only a Head
 
A boy is born without a body only a head. For his 18th birthday his father takes him to a bar for a drink.
 
 The father orders his son a scotch and when the boy drinks it an arm pops out of his head. He drinks another shot and another arm pops out. After the next shot a torso pops out. After more shots suddenly he has a whole body.
 
 The boy runs out of the bar and gets hit by a truck killing him instantly. A drunkard in the corner looks at the father and says   He should have quit while he was a head.     
','0');
Smart Pills
 
One day two boys were walking through the woods when they saw some rabbit turds. One of the boys said ''What is that?''      
''They're smart pills,'' said the other boy. ''Eat them and they'll make you smarter.     
So he ate them and said, ''These taste like crap.''     
''See,'' said the other boy, ''you're getting smarter already.''   
','0');
Marsupial Moms

Q: Why do mother kangaroos hate it when it rains?
 
 A: Because the kids have to play inside.  
','0');
There was a little girl named Fufu ...
 
There was a little girl named Fufu.  
She went to school one day and her  teacher said,   How do you spell your name?    
The girl replied,   F.U. - F.U.   
Her teacher sent her to the principal's office. 
She got to the principal's office and he said,   First off, how do you spell your name?   
She said,   F.U. - F.U.   
He said,   YOU ARE SUSPENDED!     
','0');
Having to Take a Whisper
 
Once there was a liitle boy in church. He had to go to the bathroom so he told his mother ''Mommy I have to piss.''  
The mother said, ''Son don't say piss in church. Next time you have to piss, say, 'whisper' because it is more polite.         
The next Sunday, the litle boy was sitting by his father this time, and once again, he had to go to the bathroom.  
He told his father, ''Daddy I have to whisper.''  
The father said, ''OK. Here, whisper in my ear.''   
','0');
Delivery Coincidences
 
Four expectant fathers pace in a hospital waiting room while their wives are in labor. The nurse enters and tells the first man   Congratulations you're the father of twins.   
  What a coincidence   the man says.   I work for the Minnesota Twins baseball team.   
A little later the nurse returns and tells the second man   You are the father of triplets.   
  That's really an incredible coincidence   he answers.   I work for the 3M Corporation.   
An hour later the nurse tells the third man that his wife has just given birth to quadruplets. 
The man says   I don't believe it! I work for the Four Seasons. What a coincidence.   
After hearing this everyone's attention turns to the fourth guy who has just fainted. He slowly regains consciousness and whispers   I should have never taken that job at Millennium Computers.      
','0');
Need a Push?
 
Q: Why did the girl fall off the swing. 
A: She had no arms.   
','0');
Geoff Brown: Spelling Out Bad Words

You know how you spell words around kids you don't want them to know? My Uncle Snooky always spelled the wrong damn words -- 'What do you say we go out to the c-a-r and smoke some dope?'  
','0');
Inky Pig
 
Why did the pig have ink all over his face?  
   Because it came out of the pen.   
','0');
Wise Old Man
 
A retired man moves near a junior high school. He spends the first few weeks of retirement in peace and quiet. However when a new school year begins three young boys beat on every trash can they encounter every day on their way home from school.
 
 Finally the man decides to take action and walks out to meet the boys. He says   You kids are a lot of fun. I'll give you each a dollar if you'll promise to come around every day and do your thing.   The kids continue to do a bang-up job on the trashcans.
 
 After a few days the man tells the kids   This recession's really putting a big dent in my income. From now on I'll only be able to pay you 50 cents to beat on the cans.   The noisemakers are displeased but they accept his offer.
 
 A few days later the retiree approaches them again.   Look   he says   I haven't received my Social Security check yet so I'm not going to be able to pay more than 25 cents. Will that be OK?  
 
   A freakin' quarter?   the drum leader exclaims.   If you think we're going to waste our time beating these cans around for a quarter you're nuts. We quit.     
','0');
Booger Wooger
 
Q: What's the difference between boogers and broccoli?  
A: Kids don't eat broccoli.    
','0');
Little Johnny... Mortgage
 
Little Johnny asks his father for a $200 bicycle for his birthday.
 
 Johnny's father says   We have an $80000 mortgage on the house and I just got laid off! There won't be a $200 bike this year.  
 
 Two days later Little Johnny walks out of the house with all his belongings in a suitcase. His father asks him why he's leaving.
 
 Johnny says   Early this morning I was walking past your room and I heard you tell Mommy that you were pulling out and Mommy said that you should wait because she was coming too and I'll be damned if I'll get stuck with an $80000 mortgage!     
','0');
Smoke Rings
 
Three little boys were sitting around talking about their fathers. The first boy said   My dad can blow smoke rings.   
The second boy said,   My dad can blow smoke rings out of his nose.    
The third boy said,   Well, my dad can blow smoke rings out of his butt.   
The first and second boys where amazed. The second boy said,   Have you seen him do it?   
  No,   said the third boy,   but I've seen the tobacco stains on his underwear.     
','0');
Dirty Tigger
 
Q: Why is Tigger always so dirty?      
A: He's always playing with Pooh.    
','0');
Children's Books That Didn't Make It

-- Accidents Happen: The Story of YOU
 -- The Little Sissy Wimp Who Snitched
 -- Some Kittens Can Fly
 -- You Can Paint Anywhere!
 -- Where Would You Like to Be Buried?
 -- Bad Katy and the Mom Who Stopped Loving Her
 -- The Attention Deficit   
','0');
The Twinkie Joke
 
A 14-year-old girl walks into a hairdresser's shop with a Twinkie in her hand.  She sits on the seat and the barber puts the plastic cover on her.  As he is cutting her hair she takes out her Twinkie and starts to eat it not realizing that her cut hair is falling on her Twinkie.  The hairdresser being polite looks down at her smiles playfully and says ''Young lady did you know that you're getting hair on your Twinkie?''       
She smiles back, and says, ''Yes, I know...I'm growing boobs too!''   
','0');
Little Johnny... Geometry
 
Teacher:   Little Johnny give me a sentence using the word 'geometry.'  
 Little Johnny:   A little acorn grew and grew until it finally awoke one day and said 'Gee I'm a tree.'     
','0');
Happy Butt
 
A teacher asks the new student her name. The girl replies   Happy Butt.  
 
 The teacher says   I don't think that's your name. You need to go to the principal's office and get this straightened out.  
 
 The girl goes to the principal's office and he asks   What's your name?   The little girl says   Happy Butt.  
 
 The principal calls the girl's mother to get the truth. After getting off the phone he says   Honey your name is Gladys not Happy Butt.  
 
 The girl exclaims   Glad Ass -- Happy Butt -- what's the difference?     
','0');
Teaching a Buncha Hooligans
 
A young female teacher was giving an assignment to her 6th grade class one day. It was a large assignment so she started writing high up on the chalkboard. Suddenly there was a giggle from one of the boys in the class.   She quickly turned and asked   What's so funny Pat?   
  I just saw one of your garters!   
  Get out of my classroom,   she yells,   I don't want to see  you for three days!   
The teacher turns back to the chalkboard. Realizing she had forgotten to title the assignment, she reaches to the very top of the chalkboard.  Suddenly there is an even louder giggle from another male student. She quickly turns and asks,   What's so funny, Billy?   
  I just saw both of your garters!   
Again, she yells,   Get out of my classroom! This time the punishment is more severe,  I don't want to see you for three weeks!   
Embarrassed and frustrated, she drops the eraser when she turns around again. So she bends over to pick it up. This time there is an burst of laughter from another male student.  She quickly turns to see Little Johnny leaving the classroom. 
  Where do you think you're going?   she asks. 
  From what I just saw, my school days are over!     
','0');
You-Wanna-Do-What-To-Me-Elmo?
 
What does Michael Jackson call a Tickle-Me-Elmo doll?      
Bait!   
','0');
Time Flies
 
Q: Why did the kid throw the clock out the window? 
A: He wanted to see time fly.   
','0');
Little Johnny's Subsitute Teacher

Little Johnny was walking down the hallway at school. When he reaches his classroom he looks inside and sees a sub instead of his regular teacher. Johnny sits down and the teacher says ?Now students my name is Ms. Prussy. Not the other word this word has an r after the first letter.? Johnny started laughing. An hour later he forgot her name and said ?Your name has an r after the first letter -- is it Ms. Crunt??  
','0');
You Grew Up in the 80s If...
 
-- You learned to swim about the same time   Jaws   came out and still can't swim naked at night.
 
 -- Prince's   1999   was the focal point of your plans for an end of the century party.
 
 -- You dressed to emulate either Duran Duran Poison Madonna Rick Springfield or Cyndi Lauper.
 
 -- You wanted to be gagged with a spoon.
 
 -- You had a poster of Bo Luke &amp; Daisy Duke.
 
 -- There was nothing questionable about Bert and Ernie living together.
 
 -- You dialed   867-5309   to see if Jenny would answer.
 
 -- Your family's cable TV box had the three rows of numbers and you had to move the selector switch accordingly.   
','0');
Everyone's Doing It
 
Q: What's bright-eyed and bushy-tailed? 
A: A squirrel on crack.    
','0');
A Disney Break-Up
 
Mickey and Minnie have been having problems for some time now. After hearing of  Barbie and Ken's breakup they too decide to call it quits. Donald goes to Mickey to console him and says   She's been a problem since day one. I'm glad you finally saw that she's crazy.   Mickey looks at Donald and replies   No I broke up with her because she's f**king Goofy.     
','0');
The Snail's Ride
 
A snail is paints a big letter S on his car. His friend the turtle ses him and asks why. The snail replies   When people see me drive by they can say 'Look at the S-car-go!'     
','0');
The Little Fire Engine
 
A little boy wearing a big red fire hat was riding a toy fire truck down the street. The truck was being pulled by a beautiful Labrador Retriever. Unfortunately the rope was tied around the dog's privates and as a consequence the truck was going very slowly. A man walking down the street noticed how slowly the boy was being pulled and gently said to him ''You know son that truck would go a lot faster if the rope was tied around your dog's neck.''   
The boy nodded in agreement and said, ''But then there wouldn't be a siren.''   
','0');
Pain in the Tonsils
 
A mother takes her four-year-old to the hospital to have his tonsils removed. She asks the the doctor if he could also perform a circumcision while the boy's under. The doctor agrees.
 
 When the boy returns to kindergarten a classmate tells him that he is also going to get his tonsils removed.
 
 The four-year-old tells his friend   They're not where you think they are.     
','0');
A.J. Jamal: The Gang Look

When you were in the gang then you just had to look cool just walk around and look like you were tough. Someone started talking about fighting -- 'No man I've got to go home.'  
','0');
Wee Jimmy's Poker
 
Little Jimmy had become a real nuisance while the men tried to concentrate on their Saturday afternoon poker game. His father tried in every way he could to get Jimmy to occupy himself but the youngster insisted on running back and forth behind the players and calling out the cards they held. The players became so annoyed that they threatened to quit the game. At this point the boy's uncle stood up took Jimmy by the hand and led him out of the room.  
The uncle returned in a short time without Jimmy and without comment, and the game resumed. For the balance of the afternoon, there was no trouble from Jimmy. After the game ended and the players were settling their wins and losses, one of the men asked Jimmy's uncle,   What in the world did you do to Jimmy?    
  Not much,   the boy's uncle replied.   I told him how to jerk off.       
','0');
Yo' Mama Is So Ugly... Slingshot

Yo' Mama is so ugly when she was a kid they fed her with a slingshot.  
','0');
A.J. Jamal: Mama's Scripture

My mom was the kind that'd send us to church but didn't go... She'd give us scripture and didn't even know it. She just made up books. ''Cause in the Book of Ricky it says you should give your mama five percent of your gross income.'  
','0');
Shut-up and Trouble
 
In a small town in California there lived two boys Shut-up and Trouble. These boys were friends but every once-in-awhile they would get into a fight. One time after they had both just gotten ice-cream Trouble's ice-cream fell. Trouble then stole Shut-up's ice-cream and ran away.  Shut-up ran after Trouble but eventually lost him sat on a curb and started to cry. 
 
 A police officer pulled up and asked, ?What's your name??   
 
 ?Shut-up.? 
 
 The officer got angry and asked the same question again and got the same reply.  Finally, he asked  the same question and got the same reply and then   said, ?Boy, are you looking for Trouble??   
 
 And Shut-up said, ?Yeah, that fool stole my ice-cream!?   
','0');
Technology-Enabled Amoebas
 
How do amoebas keep in touch? 
 With cell phones.  
','0');
Hang Man
 
A boy comes running into the kitchen and says   Mommy mommy! Grandpa hanged himself in the living room!    
His mother runs into the living room, and sees no one there.  Angrily, she says,   Listen. You should never lie like that to me again, do you understand!?!   
  I'm sorry,   says the boy.    I was just kidding. He hanged himself in the basement.     
','0');
Where Is God?
 
A couple had two mischievous little boys ages eight and 10. At their wits' end the parents contacted a clergyman who had been successful in rehabilitating bad children in the past.
 
 The clergyman asked to see the boys individually. The eight-year-old was sent to meet with him first. The clergyman sat the boy down and asked him sternly   Where is God?  
 
 The boy made no response so the clergyman repeated the question in an even sterner tone   Where is God?  
 
 Again the boy made no attempt to answer so the clergyman raised his voice even more and shook his finger in the boy's face   WHERE IS GOD?  
 
 At that the boy bolted from the room ran directly home and slammed himself in his closet. His older brother followed him into the closet and asked what happened.
 
 The younger brother replied   We are in big trouble this time. God is missing and they think we did it!     
','0');
My Father
 The Whorehouse Piano Player 
A grade school teacher asks her students what their parents do for a living.
 
 Billy proudly stands up and announces   My daddy plays piano in a whorehouse.  
 
 The teacher is aghast and promptly changes the subject. Later that day she calls Billy's mother and explains what Billy said.
 
 Billy's mother says   Actually his father's an attorney but how can we explain a thing like that to a seven-year-old?     
','0');
A Joke of Genius
 
Q: What did the DNA say to the other DNA? 
A: Do these genes make my butt look fat.   
','0');
The Father Sets the Bar
 
A father and son were on a fishing trip when the dad pulled out a beer.
 
   Can I have one Dad?  
 
   Can your d**k touch your a**hole?  
 
   No.  
 
   Then you can't have one.   The dad took out a cigarette.
 
   Dad can I smoke one too?  
 
   Can your d**k touch your a**hole?  
 
   No.  
 
   Then you can't have one.  
 
 On the way back the dad bought two lottery tickets one for his son and one for him. The dad won two dollars and the son won $500. The dad was surprised and a bit jealous.
 
   You're going to share that with me aren't you son?  
 
   Can your d**k touch your a**hole?  
 
   Yes.  
 
   Then go f**k yourself.     
','0');
TicTacs
 
Peter's mother has three kids.  
The first two are Tic and Tac. 
What's the third? Peter!   
','0');
A little boy wrote to Santa ...
 
One day a  little boy wrote to Santa Clause   Please send me a sister.  
 Santa Clause wrote him back,   Ok, send me your mother.     
','0');
After-School Snack
 
Q: Why did the boy eat his homework?  
A: His teacher said it was a piece of cake.   
','0');
Frog Talk
 
A grandson runs up to his grandfather and asks him if he can talk like a frog. 
  Of course not   says the grandfather.  
A few minutes later his granddaughter asks him the same question. 
  No of course not. Why are you both asking me this?   
The granddaughter replies   Dad said that when you croak we can go to Disneyland.      
','0');
A.J. Jamal: Love Your Parents

We need to just understand saying 'I love you' to your mom and dad because you only get one mom -- and two or three dads.  
','0');
Thumb Sucking
 
A mom dad and their two sons watch TV. The dad gives the mom a look and they head upstairs. The two little boys wonder what they are doing and go upstairs to take a peek.
 
   Well   says the older boy   remember this when mom gets on your case for sucking your thumb.     
','0');
Bring Your Daughter to Work Day
 
A man and his little girl arrive home after Bring Your Daughter to Work Day. The little girl asks   Daddy why do you call your assistant a doll?   
His wife glares at him. He explains   Well honey it's a term of affection. She's very hard-working and Daddy appreciates her efficiency.   
  Oh   replies the little girl.   I thought it was because she closes her eyes when you lay her across your desk.      
','0');
Birdman
 
Little girl:   Why does your son  say 'Cluck cluck cluck?'   
Mother:   Because he thinks he's a chicken.   
Little girl:   Why don't you tell him he's not a chicken?    
Mother:   We need the eggs.      
','0');
Harry Potter Quiz
 
What did Harry Potter do when he found the three-headed dog? 
He ran... wouldn't you?   
','0');
Telephone Operator's Proposal
 
Q: How did the telephone operator propose to his girlfriend? 
A: He gave her a ring.    
','0');
Pregnant Wife
 
A man phones his wife's doctor and says   My wife is pregnant and her contractions are only two minutes apart!   
  Is this her first child?   the doctor asks.  
  No, you idiot!   the man shouts.   This is her husband!      
','0');
Good Ol' Zombie Babies
 
What's funnier than a zombie baby? 
A zombie baby in a clown suit!   
','0');
Arceneux & Mitchell: Whipped My Butt So Bad

My mama would whip my butt so bad in the grocery store they would announce it on the speakers.  
','0');
Oh
 Goodness 
Why'd the boy blush when he opened the fridge? 
He saw the salad dressing!   
','0');
The Michael Jackson Doll

Q: Did you hear about the new Michael Jackson doll?
 
 A: You wind it up and it plays with your kids.  
','0');
Test Tube Baby
 
Q: What did the normal baby say to the test-tube baby?     
A: Your dad's a wanker.   
','0');
The Cookies Crumbled
 
What is green and yellow and lies in a pile of cookie crumbs?   
A beat-up girl scout.   
','0');
James Hannah: Songs for Parents

Mothers y'all get songs dedicated to you. Y'all got a song by The Intruders 'I'll Always Love My Mama'... You got the song by The Spinners 'Sadie.' Y'all remember that one?  Fathers what do we get? 'Papa Was a Rolling Stone.'  
','0');
Uncle Tommy's Closet
 
A guy comes home early one day from work.  And he hears weird sounds coming from his bedroom. When he gets to his room he finds his wife naked on the bed sweating bullets.  
''What the hell is going on?'' he says.  
''I'm having a heart attack!!'' 
 So he runs down stairs and picks up the phone to dial 911. But as he is doing this his four-year-old son comes running up to him and says ''Dad Uncle Tommy is up stairs hiding in your closet and he's naked''   So he slams the phone down and runs upstairs to find his own brother in the closet.  
The man then says. ''What the hell are you doin?  My wife is having a heart attack and your here running around naked scaring the kids? You shoud be ashamed of yourself!     
','0');
Catching a Squirrel
 
Q: How do you catch a squirrel? 
  A: Climb up a tree and act like a nut.    
','0');
Lance Crouther: Get in the House

My mother came to the door; 'Lance get your ass in the house!' I said 'Oh Ma I don't feel like coming in the house!' I didn't even see where the skillet came from. I just staggered into the house. It wasn't even the right house it was just the first house with the door open.  
','0');
Twisted Baby Joke
 
What is more fun that stapeling babies to a wall?
 Ripping them off.   
','0');
The Boss
 
One day a man goes to a pet shop to buy a parrot.   The assistant takes the man to the parrot section and asks the man to choose one. The man asks ''How much  is the yellow one?''      
The assistant says, ''$2000.''    The man is shocked and asks the assistant why it's so expensive. The assistant explains, ''This parrot is a very special one. He knows typewriting and can type really fast.''      
''What about the green one?'' the man asks.     
The assistant says, ''He costs $5000 because he knows typewriting and can answer incoming telephone calls and takes notes.''      
''What about the red one?'' the man asks.     
The assistant says, ''That one's $10,000.''      
The man says, ''What does HE do?''      
The assistant says, ''I don't know, but the other two call him boss.''   
','0');
Strawberry Manure
 
A little boy runs across this farmer who has a truckload of cow manure. The boy asks him what he is going to do with all that cow poop. The farmer tells the little boy ''I'm taking it home to put on my strawberries.''  
The little boy looks up at the farmer and says, ''I don't know where you come from, but where I come from we put cream and sugar on our strawberries.'''   
','0');
Mommy
 Mommy! 
  Mommy Mommy! Where have all your scabs gone?  
   Shut up and eat your corn flakes.     
','0');
Ode to a Glowworm
 
I wish I was a glow worm.  
A glow worm's never glum.  
 It's hard to be downhearted,  
 When the sun shines out of your bum!    
','0');
What do you call a lazy baby kangaroo
 
What do you call a lazy baby kangaroo? 
A pouch potato.   
','0');
William Wilson: Tough Ugly Clothes

Ugly clothes last a long time don't they? You can't wear out ugly clothes. I used to just crawl to school on my knees trying to put a hole in the jeans man. They still built them tough -- you can't wear them out.  
','0');
Poor Boy's Christmas
 
Q: What does a poor boy get for Christmas?       
A: Your bike.   
','0');
Some Plants
 
  Some plants   said the teacher   have the prefix 'dog'. For instance there is the dogrose the dogwood the dogviolet. Now name another plant prefixed by 'dog'.   
  I can,   shouted a blonde.   Collieflower!     
','0');
Shine On You Crazy Fratboy!
 
How many frat boys does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 
One but he has to get it drunk first.   
','0');
Melanie Camacho: Busted With Marijuana

You ever see the commercial where the little boy gets caught by his dad and he's like 'I got it from you Dad. I got it from you!'? I tried that with my father. I was like 'I got it from you Dad!' 'You been pinching my sh*t?' I got a whupping and I had to buy another bag.  
','0');
Three Daughters Dinner
 
Three girls asked their mother if they could invite their boyfriends over for dinner.  Their   mother told them to go upstairs to get ready and to call them.  An hour later when the girls were not downstairs yet and the boyfriends had still  not shown up the mother went to check on the three girls.  She went to the first girl's door and she was laughing.  She didn't say anything and she went to the second girl's door.  She was crying.  She didn't say a word and she went to the third girl's door.  The third girl wasn't saying anything.  So the mother went back to the first girl's door. 
  Why are you laughing?   
  It's so small it tickles!    She went to the second girl's door and asked her why she was crying.   
  It's so big, I can't get it out!    She went to the third girl's door and asked her why she wasn't saying anything.   
  Well,   the third girl replied,   you've always told me not to talk with my mouth full!     
','0');
Blossom & Porky
 
An old lady meets a little girl in the park with her dog. She asks   What's your name little girl?   
  Blossom   answers the girl. 
  Oh that's a beautiful name. How did you get it?   
The little girl explained   Well my mommy was pregnant and a blossom fell out of a tree and landed right on her tummy so she named me Blossom.   
  Oh that's so nice replied the old lady.   What's your dog's name?   
  Porky   the little girl answered. 
  Why Porky?   the old lady asked.  
The little girl answered   Because he f**ks pigs.      
','0');
James Johann: Held Back a Year

My buddy Brian had a kid a few years ago and he comes to me this summer and he goes 'Man my son just flunked the third grade. I don't know how to tell my kid he's going to be held back a year.' I was like 'I guess you better tell him slowly so the little dumb ass will get it.'  
','0');
Little Johnny... Stand Up
 
A new teacher tries to make use of her psychology courses. The first day of class she starts by saying   Everyone who thinks they're stupid stand up!  
 
 After a few seconds Little Johnny stands up. The teacher asks   Do you think you're stupid Johnny?  
 
   No ma'am but I hate to see you standing there all by yourself.     
','0');
Confused Child in Wedding Party
 
A little boy was in a relative's wedding. As he was coming down the aisle he would take two steps stop and turn to the crowd. Then he would put his hands up like claws and roar.  
So it went step step roar step step roar all the way down the aisle. The crowd was near tears from laughing so hard by the time he reached the pulpit. 
The little boy, however, was getting more and more distressed from all the laughing, and he was also near tears by the time he reached the pulpit. 
When asked what he was doing, the child sniffed and said,   I was being the ring bear.      
','0');
Peeing in the Pool

A boy  was at a public pool. 
 The lifeguard blew his whistle at the boy and yelled ''Hey! Don't pee in the pool!''  
The boy replied ''But everybody does it!''   
 ''Not from the diving board!'' shouted the lifeguard.  
','0');
A.J. Jamal: Is Your Mama Whipping You?

We were watching this commercial on television. Commercial said 'If you're having problems with your mama whipping you call this 800 number.' I called that number. My mama answered the phone.  
','0');
Little Johnny's Prognosis
 
A young mother was having a consultation with a doctor.  As they spoke her Little Johnny could clearly be heard terrorizing the people in the waiting room - yet she made no attempt to restrain him.   
Soon they heard some clattering in an adjoining room, but still she did nothing. Finally, after an extra-loud crash, the woman casually told the doctor,   I hope you don't mind my Little Johnny playing in there.   
  No, not at all,   said the doctor calmly.    I'm sure he'll calm down as soon as he finds the poison.     
','0');
Mommy
 Mommy! 2 
  Mommy the kids all say we're aliens from outer space. That's not true is it?   
  Vegl dibrogmrn di shtrtl mixtor!     
','0');
Fishsticks are for Lovahs
 
A kid walks by his parents having sex asks what's going on and his mother tells him ?We are making fishsticks?. 
The next day the kid says, ?Mom were you making fishsticks again??  
And she says ?Why, yes, how did you know, honey?? 
And the kid replies, ?Well, you have a little tarter sauce on your mouth.?   
','0');
Little Johnny... Nickels and Dimes
 
Little Johnny is always being teased by the other neighborhood boys for being stupid. Their favorite joke is to offer Johnny his choice between a nickel and a dime -- Little Johnny always takes the nickel. 
One day, after Johnny takes the nickel, a neighbor takes him aside and says,   Johnny, those boys are making fun of you. Don't you know that a dime is worth more than a nickel, even though the nickel's bigger?   
Johnny grins and says,   Well, if I took the dime, they'd stop doing it, and so far I've made $20!      
','0');
Confused Boy

Q: Why was the Egyptian boy confused? 
A: His daddy was really a mummy.   
','0');
Little Johnny... Thanksgiving Greetings
 
One day Little Johnny overheard his parents fighting. Later he asked what   bitch   and   bastard   mean. They explained that they mean   lady   and   gentleman.  
 
 The next day he overheard his parents having sex. He later asked what   penis   and   vagina   mean. His parents explained that they refer to   hats   and   coats.  
 
 At supper the next day Little Johnny's mom cut her finger in the kitchen and yelled   Oh f**k!   Little Johnny asked what that meant and she said it means   cut.  
 
 A week later guests arrive for Thanksgiving dinner. Little Johnny welcomes them at the door saying   Hello bitches and bastards! Hurry up with your penises and vaginas -- we can't wait to f**k the turkey!     
','0');
Lawyers on the Beach
 
How come you can't find lawyers sunbathing on the beach?   
  Cats keep covering them over with sand.   
','0');
Little Johnny... Definite Definition
 
The preschool teacher says   We're going to do vocabulary today. Who can use the word 'definitely' in a sentence?  
 
 Mary raises her hand and exclaims   Me me me!  
 
 The teacher says   Go ahead what's the sentence?
 
 Mary replies   The sky is definitely blue.  
 
   That's good Mary   says the teacher   but the sky can also be gray or white.  
 
 Sam raises his hand and states   Grass is definitely green.  
 
 The teacher says   That's good Sam but grass can be brown too.  
 
 Little Johnny raises his hand and asks   Do farts have lumps in them?  
 
 The teacher says   No Johnny why do you ask that?  
 
 Little Johnny replies   Well I definitely sh*t my pants.     
','0');
Catching Rabbits
 
Q: How do you catch a unique rabbit?  
 A: Unique up on it.  
Q: How do you catch a tame rabbit?  
  A: Tame way.    
','0');
Stoopid Baby Names
 
A mother was sitting on the couch reading a book when one of her children walked up to her and said   Mummy why is my name Petal?    
The mother replied,   Because when you were born, a petal fell on your head.   
The next baby walked up and asked,   Mummy why is my name Rose?   she replied, 
  Because when you were born, a rose fell on your head.   
The last baby walked up to her and said,   BLAS CLAFLAS YIFRASSAM TASSM POONNFFFIINRTY.   
The mother replied,   Please be quiet, Refrigerator.     
','0');
Beaver
 
Johnny was playing outside when he really had to go to the bathroom. He runs in and his grandma was about to take a shower. He looks at her crotch and says ?Whats that??   She says ?Well it's a beaver Johnny.? 
The next day the same thing happens, only his mom is taking the shower. He says, ?Mom I know what that is. It's a beaver, but I think grandma's is dead because it's tongue   is hanging out.?   
','0');
Teacher's Pet
 
On the last day of kindergarten all the children brought presents for their teacher.
 
 The florist's son handed the teacher a gift. She held up the box and said   I bet it's some flowers!  
 
   That's right!   shouted the little boy.
 
 Then the candy store owner's daughter handed the teacher a gift. She held up the box and said   I bet it's some chocolates!  
 
   That's right!   shouted the little girl.
 
 The next gift was from the liquor store owner's son. The teacher held up the box and saw that it was leaking. She touched a drop with her finger and tasted it.
 
   Is it wine?   she asked.
 
   No   the boy answered. The teacher touched another drop to her tongue.
 
   Is it champagne?   she asked.
 
   No   the boy answered.
 
   What is it?   she said.
 
   A puppy!     
','0');
Where Babies Come From
 
A little girl came home from school and told her mother that she just found out where babies come from.  Her mother said   Oh really? What were you told?  
 
 The little girl said   First Daddy's penis gets hard and then he puts it in Mommy's mouth... .  
 
 Her mother interrupted her and said   Oh no honey that's where jewelry comes from.     
','0');
Michael Colyar: New Father

Did I mention that I'm a new father? Yeah my 13-year-old son just moved back in.  
','0');
Little Johnny Gives to the Sick
 
Little Johnny was in church with him mom forSunday Mass when he suddenly felt nauseous. 
  Mom, I think I'm going to throw up!   
She told him,   I want you to run outside as fast as you can.  Run across the lawn and go behind the bushes.  You can throw up behind the bushes and nobody will see you.   
So Little Johnny hauled ass for the door.  Less than a minute later, he returned to his seat next to his mom.  He had the look of obvious relief on his young face. 
  Did you make it all the way to the bushes, Johnny?   
  I didn't have to go that far, mom.  
Just as I got to the front door, I found a box that had a sign on it:  FOR THE SICK.''   
','0');
What Is The Answer
 
Teacher to student: Arnold what is the most popular answer to the teacher's questions? 
Arnold: I don't know ma'am. 
Teacher: ''Correct!'''   
','0');
J. Anthony Brown: 13 Nieces and Nephews

I'm like 'I ain't taking 13 kids to no damn movies.' I was like 'I'll take two of them and they can tell the rest what they've seen.'  
','0');
Two Dogs Humping
 
A man and his son come upon two dogs humping. The son asks   Dad what are those dogs doing?   
His father replies,   Well, the dog on top must have hurt his two front paws, and that dog on the bottom is helping him home.    
 
The son says,   It figures -- every time you try to help someone out, you always get screwed.      
','0');
Musical Chairs
 
Q: What did one chair say to another chair? 
A:   Here comes another a**hole.      
','0');
Little Johnny's Big Answer
 
It is near the end of the school year.  The teacher has turned in the grades and there is really nothing more to do. All the children are restless because of this. 
Teacher:   Whoever answers the questions I ask first and correctly can leave early today.   
Little Johnny says to himself   Good, I want to get outta here. I'm smart and will answer the question.   
Teacher:   Who said 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'?   
Before Johnny can open his mouth, Susie says,   Abraham Lincoln.   
Teacher:   That's right Susie, you can go home.   
Johnny is MAD that Susie answered the question first. 
Teacher:   Who said 'I Have a Dream'?   
Before Johnny can open his mouth, Mary says,   Martin Luther King.   
Teacher:   That's right Mary, you can go.   
Johnny is even madder than before. 
Teacher:   Who said 'Ask not, what your country can   do for you'?   
Before Johnny can open his mouth, Nancy says,    John F. Kennedy.   
Teacher:   That's right  Nancy, you may also leave.   
Johnny is BOILING mad that he has not been able to answer to any of the questions. 
When the teacher turns her back Johnny says,   I wish these bitches would keep their mouths shut!   
The teacher turns around:   NOW WHO SAID THAT?!?!   
Johnny:   BILL CLINTON.  CAN I GO NOW?     
','0');
It''s awful scary in these woods
 mister! 
  It''s awful scary in these woods mister!   
   You''re telling me, I have to walk out of them by myself!     
','0');
Little Girl on a Swing

Q: Why did the little girl fall off the swing?
 
 A: She had no arms.  
','0');
Words of Wisdom from Children

Never trust a dog to watch your food.  - Patrick age 10    
  When your dad is mad and asks you ?Do I look stupid??  don't answer him.    - Michael 14     
 Never tell your mom her diet's not working.  - Michael 14     
 Stay away from prunes.    - Randy 9      
 Never allow your three-year old brother in the same room as   your school assignment.    - Traci 14     
 Puppies still have bad breath even after eating a tic tac.  - Andrew 9     
 Never hold a dust buster and a cat at the same time.  - Kyoyo 9     
 You can't hide a piece of broccoli in a glass of milk.  - Armir 9     
 If you want a kitten start out by asking for a horse.  - Naomi 15     
 Felt markers are not good to use as lipstick.    - Lauren 9     
 Don't pick on your sister when she's holding a baseball bat.  - Joel 10     
 Never try to baptize a cat.    - Eileen 8   '  
','0');
Little Johnny... Make a Sentence
 
Little Johnny's teacher asks him to make a sentence using the following words: defeat deduct defense and detail.
 
 Little Johnny says   De feet of de duck went over de fence before de tail.     
','0');
Voices! Voices! Shut up!
 
A teacher asked a pupil a question but she could barely hear the child speaking since the other kids were making too much noise. In an attempt to quiet them she said ''I can hear voices!''      
Two janitors outside heard the teacher and one said to the other, ''Jeez, she better stop telling the kids about her mental problems!''   
','0');
A.J. Jamal: Worshipped Animals

I'm a vegetarian. We worshipped animals when we were growing up 'cause my mother was a cow. I'm kidding -- my father loves that joke.  
','0');
Turn to Stone
 
Two boys are playing by a stream when they spy a woman bathing nude around the bend. One of the boys takes off running in the opposite direction. The other boy chases after him and asks why he took off.
 
   Well   the boy says   my mom told me that if I ever spied on a naked lady I'd turn to stone and I felt something getting hard!     
','0');
Little Nancy's Pet
 
Little Nancy was in the garden filling in a hole when her neighbor peered over the fence. Interested in what the little girl was up to he politely asked   What are you up to there Nancy?   
  My goldfish died,   replied Nancy tearfully, without looking up,   and I've just buried him.   
The neighbor was concerned,   That's an awfully big hole for a goldfish, isn't it?   
 Nancy patted down the last heap of earth and then replied,   That's because he's inside your stupid cat.     
','0');
Little Johnny... Fascinate
 
A teacher asks her students to give her a sentence with the word   fascinate   in it. A little girl says   Walt Disney World is fascinating.  
 
 The teacher says   No I said 'fascinate.'  
 
 Another little girl says   There's so much fascination when it comes to sea life.  
 
 The teacher again says   No the word is fascinate.  
 
 Little Johnny yells from the back of the room   My mom has such big boobs that she can only fasten eight of the 10 buttons on her shirt.     
','0');
Don't Need One of Those
 
A little boy brags to a little girl   I have a big fire engine.   
The girl responds   So what? I have a fire engine too.   
He says   I have a toy tank.   
She replies   So what? I have a tank too.   
The young boy drops his pants and says   I have a penis!   
The little girl looks down her pants and runs home crying. 
The next day the little girl sees the little boy and he tells her   You still don't have a penis and I do!   
 She replies   My mom told me not to worry about it. She said that as long as I have what I have I can get as many of those as I want.      
','0');
Birds of Paradise

Yo' mama so fat when she was a baby she took a bath with a rubber albatross.  
','0');
That Johnny Is So Witty
 
One day a teacher told her students to draw a train on a railway track for homework. The next day when the teacher started checking everybody's book she came up to Little Johnny.   Show me the homework   she demanded. Little Johnny showed the teacher his notebook with only a picture of railroad tracks. The teacher asked   Where is the train?   Little Johnny then replied   You came late so the train went away.     
','0');
More Signs That You're Out of College
 
-- Your refrigerator holds more solid foods than liquids.
 
 -- You've lost the thread on your favorite soap opera.
 
 -- 8 a.m. means shower and shave not wake and bake.
 
 -- You file taxes with more than three digits.
 
 -- You hear your favorite songs in doctor's waiting rooms and when you're on hold with the bank.
 
 -- You're not carded anymore for anything.
 
 -- You carry an umbrella.
 
 -- You now know there's no such thing as   looking mature.  
 
 -- You get your news from sources other than ESPN and MTV.
 
 -- Wine appreciation expands beyond Boone's and Mad Dog.
 
 -- Doing shots and smoking cigarettes guarantees midnight dry heaves and a sinus attack instead of midnight skinny dipping and a Big Mac attack.
 
 -- You go from 130 days to seven days of vacation time.
 
 -- You actually eat breakfast foods -- at breakfast time.   
','0');
Parachutes for two
 
Michael Jackson his lawyer and a small cute boy are on a plane when the plane suddenly develops engine troubles.  
  Bad news,   the lawyer said.   There are only two parachutes. You and me will go.   
  What about the boy?   asks Michael. 
  Screw the boy!    
  Do we have time?     
','0');
Math Sucks
 
Q: Why is the math book always upset? 
A: Because it has a lot of problems.   
','0');
Little Johnny... Name That Animal
 
Little Johnny's first grade class was playing   Name That Animal.   The teacher held up a picture of a cat and asked    What animal is this?  
 
   A cat!   said Suzy.
 
   Good job. Now what's this animal?  
 
   A dog!   said Ricky.
 
   Good. Now what animal is this?   she asked holding up a picture of a deer.
 
 The class fell silent.  After a couple of minutes the teacher said   It's what your mom calls your dad.  
 
   I know!   called out Little Johnny.   A horny bastard!     
','0');
Cruel Joke
 
Q: What did the blind deaf mute quadraplegic boy get for Christmas?  
A: Cancer.    
','0');
Dangerous Toys

Q: What is red and orange and knocks you over? 
A: Tackle Me Elmo.   
','0');
Jumper
 
Q: What's the difference between a trampoline and a zombie baby? 
A: I take off my shoes when I jump on a trampoline.   
','0');
Lester Barrie: Hated to See My Mother Coming

I got whupped so much sometimes I hated to see my mother coming. I'm having fun with my brothers my sisters my friends -- my mother pulls up and I'm thinking 'Dang! Why she keep coming here? Can't she just drop off the food and stay at work?'  
','0');
Technically and Reality?
 
One day a little boy asks his father what  the difference is between 'technically' and   'reality.'  
  Son, I won't tell you the dictionary definition in fear that   it will confuse you. But to help you out, I'll give you something to do. Go ask your mother if   she will sleep with a bum for $500,000 and ask your sister is she'll sleep with the garbageman for the same amount.    So, the little boy goes up to his mom. 
  Mommy, would you ever sleep with a bum for $500,000?     
  You bet your ass I would!   exclaims the mother.  So the little boy goes up to his sister's   bedroom. 
  Hey sis, would you sleep with the garbageman for $500,000?   
  I sure would!   exclaims his sister.   
  Dad, Dad! Mom and sis both said they would. What does that mean?   
  Well, son,   the father says.   Technically, we're millionares but in reality we live with a couple of dirty whores!     
','0');
They're Busy
 
One day the phone rang and a little boy answered. 
  May I speak to your parents?   
  They're busy.   
  Oh. Is anybody else there?   
  The police.   
  Can I speak to them?   
  They're busy.   
  Oh. Is anybody else there?   
  The firemen.   
  Can I speak to them?   
  They're busy.   
  So let me get this straight -- your parents, the police, and the firemen are there, but they're all busy? What are they doing?   
  Looking for me.     
','0');
Deconstructing Little Johnny
 
Legendarily naughty Little Johnny sat in class quietly as the students were composing a poem with their teacher.  When she asked for an F-word that rhymed with   duck    he waved his hand feverishly. 
The teacher frowned and passed him by.   No kids, however, could offer her a solution.  Finally she glared at Johnny and called on him. 
Johnny put on his devlish grin and said,   An F-word that rhymes with duck is.... fluctuation.   
The teacher blurted out,   No Johnny, that's sucks! I'm so sick of telling you what a little frigging a**hole you are!     
','0');
Fish Brains
 
Q: What did the fish say when he swam into a cement wall? 
A:   Dam.      
','0');
What did the Hispanic fireman...
 
Q:  What did the Hispanic fireman name his son? 
A:  Jose.   
','0');
Taste Test
 
A teacher was having a tasting day where she would put candy in the kids' mouth and they would guess what it was.  She went to the first little boy and put a Hershey's Kiss in his mouth. 
  Can you guess what it is?   
  I don't know,   said the boy. 
  I'll give you a hint. It's something your daddy asks your mommy for every morning.   
The girl next to the boy says   Don't eat it. It's a piece of ass.     
','0');
Church
 
A little girl and her mother are at chuch when the little girl starts to feel sick. Her mother tells her to go throw up in the bushes behind the church.  
 When the little girl returns her mother asks her if she threw up.  
  Yes,   the girl says.   But I didn't have to go all the way around the back. There was a box near the front door that said 'For the Sick.'      
','0');
Things I've Learned from My Children
 
1. Garbage bags do not make good parachutes.  
2. A 3-year-old is louder than 200 adults in a crowded restaurant. 
3. If you spray hair spray on dust bunnies and run over them with roller blades, they can ignite.  
4. If you hook a dog leash over a ceiling fan, the motor is not strong enough to rotate a 42-pound boy wearing Batman underwear and a superman cape. It is strong enough, however, to spread paint on all four walls of a large room.  
5. When using the ceiling fan as a baseball bat, you have to throw the ball up a few times before you get a hit. A ceiling fan can hit a baseball a long way.  
6. The glass in windows (even double pane) doesn't stop a baseball hit by a ceiling fan.  
7. When you hear the toilet flush and the words   Uh-oh,   it's already too late.  
8. Brake fluid mixed with Clorox makes smoke, and lots of it.  
9. A six-year-old can start a fire with a flint rock even though a 36-year-old man says they can only do it in the movies. A magnifying glass can start a fire even on an overcast day.  
10. Certain Legos will pass through the digestive tract of a six-year-old.  
11.   Play-Doh   and   microwave   should never be used in the same sentence.  
12. Super glue is forever.  
13. No matter how much Jell-O you put in a swimming pool you still can't walk on water.  
14. Pool filters do not like Jell-O.  
15. VCRs do not eject PB&amp;J sandwiches even though TV commercials show they do.  
16. A king size waterbed holds enough water to fill a 2000 sq. foot house 4 inches deep.  
17. Marbles in gas tanks make lots of noise in a moving car.  
18. You probably do not want to know what that odor is.  
19. Always look in the oven before you turn it on. Plastic toys do not like ovens.  
20. The spin cycle on the washing machine does not make earthworms dizzy. It will, however, make cats dizzy.  
21. Cats spit up twice their body weight when dizzy.   
','0');
First Day of School
 
Q: What did the dad buffalo say to his son on the first day of school? 
A: Bison   
','0');
Ice Cream Lessons
 
Where would you learn how to make ice cream?       
At Sundae school.   
','0');
The Werewolf
 
  Mommy all the kids at school say I'm a werewolf! Is that true?   
  No, of course not. Now shut up and comb your face.     
','0');
A.J. Jamal: After Christmas

My mama was so cheap she waited 'til after Christmas. 'Baby Santa Claus missed our house. I called him and he coming back tomorrow.' She was waiting for the stuff to go on sale.  
','0');
Talking in Numbers
 
Q: Why is six afraid of seven? 
A: Because seven ate nine.   
','0');
Top 10 Camps Not to Send Your Kid To

10.  Tommy Lee's Kickachickee  
 9.  Lorena Bobbit's Cutaweewee  
 8.  Tanya Harding's Wackaneenee  
 7.  Kenneth Starr's Catchacrookie  
 6.  Louis Farakhan's Killawhitey  
 5.  O.J. Simpson's Killachickee  
 4.  Michael Jackson's Wannabewhitey  
 3.  President Clinton's Getacoochie  
 2.  Ellen Degeneres' Lickacoochie  
 1. Monica Lewinsky's Camp Suckapeepee  
','0');
This joke is toast
 
Q: What does a slice of toast wear to bed? 
A: Jammies   
','0');
Wedding Dress
 
A little girl at a wedding asked    Mommy why do brides always wear white?   
   Because they're happy,   the mom replied.     
Halfway through the wedding, the girl whispered,   Mommy, if brides wear white because they're happy, then why do grooms wear black?      
','0');
ABC
 
Wilfred had just learned his ABCs and was very scared of reciting them in front of his class.  He stood in front of the class trembling and began. 
  ABCDEFGHIJLKMNOQRSTUVWXYZ.   
His teacher said,   Very good, Wilfred. But you forgot the P. Where's the P? 
He replied,   It's running down my leg.     
','0');
Zip
 Dick and Pea 
There were three boys in a classroom: one named Zip one named Dick and one named Pea. Their teacher leaves the room for a moment so Zip gets on top of the cupboard Dick goes inside the cupboard and Pee jumps around outside.
 
 The teacher returns and yells   Zip down Dick out and Pea in the corner!     
','0');
Daughter's Prayer
 
A family was having guests to dinner. At the table the mother turned to her six-year-old daughter and says   Dear would you like to say the blessing?   
  I wouldn't know what to say   replies the little girl. 
  Just say what you hear Mommy say sweetie.   
Her daughter takes a deep breath bows her head and solemnly says   Dear Lord why the hell did I invite all these people to dinner?      
','0');
Sunday School Daze
 
Mary can't stand Sunday school but her brother William doesn't have a problem with it.  So one day in Sunday school Mary thinks   The hell with it   and decides to go to sleep.  The teacher sees this and asks Mary a question to keep her awake. 
  Mary, who created the heavens and the earth?   
William, who is sitting behind Mary, pokes her in the butt with his pencil.  Mary wakes up and shouts,   God almighty!    
And the teacher says,   Yes. That's correct, Mary.     
Mary goes back to sleep and the teacher asks her another question. 
  Who died on the cross for our sins?   
 William pokes Mary again. She wakes up and shouts,   Jesus Christ!   
Once again, she goes back to sleep. This time the teacher asks,   Mary, what was the first thing Eve said to Adam?   
William pokes her again. Mary wakes up and shouts,   If you don't stop poking me with that thing, I'm gonna break it off!        
','0');
Kangaroo Sleepovers
 
A kangaroo mom with seven babies in her pouch told another kangaroo mom   These sleepovers are killing me.     
','0');
Lego my Legolas
 
Q: What Does Legolas feed his horse? 
A: Elf-elf-a   
','0');
Pregnant Woman Gets On a Bus
 
A pregnant woman boards a bus. After taking a seat she notices a man smiling at her. She feels self-conscious and changes her seat but he seems even more amused.
 
 She moves a third time and he starts to giggle. On her fourth move he bursts out laughing.
 
 They both get off the bus at the next stop. The pregnant woman is furious and demands an explanation.   What exactly is so damn funny?  
 
   I'm sorry ma'am   replies the giggling man.   But I couldn't help noticing you're pregnant and when you first sat down you sat under an advertisement which read 'Coming Soon: The Gold Dust Twins.' Then you sat under an ad that read 'Sloan's Liniments Remove Swelling.' Then you moved under a deodorant advertisement which read 'William's Stick Did the Trick.' And I just couldn't hold it in any longer when you moved a fourth time and sat under a tire advertisement which read 'Dunlop Rubber Would Have Prevented This Accident.'     
','0');
Clean Joke, Dirty Joke 
You wanna hear a dirty joke?  
 A boy fell in a mud puddle.  
You wanna hear a clean joke?  
 He took a bath.    
','0');
In a Year, I'll Be Five 
A man escaped jail by digging a hole from his jail cell to the outside world. When he was finally done he emerged in the middle of a preschool playground. 
  I'm free, I'm free!   he shouted. 
  So what,   said a little girl.   I'm four.      
','0');
Subway Series School
On the first day of school, a teacher asked her class,  Who here is a Mets fan?  
 

Every student knew that she loved the Mets, so they replied bye raising their hands, except for one girl, Rosie. 
 

The teacher asked,  Who do you like, little girl?  Rosie replied,  I'm a Yankees fan and I hate the Mets. 
 

The teacher asked why and Rosie told her that her parents were Yankees fans, so she was too.  The  teacher said to the class,  So if Rosie's parents were idiots, what would that make her?  
 

Rosie chimed in,  A Mets fan!!!  
','0');
Becoming a Woman
When Sally got her first period, she was confused and frightened, so she decided to share her trouble with her friend Joey. 
 

Sally told Joey what was happeing, but he didn't quite understand, so she showed him her problem. 
 

Joey said,  I'm no doctor, but it looks like someone ripped your balls off!   
','0');
What do you call an elephant...
Q: What do you call an elephant between two buildings?
 

A: Stuck 
','0');
William Wilson: Hot Brick Church
We just had an old brick church. It's like a barbeque pit, just hot -- HOT. Everybody in there's fanning. Old ladies got them old funeral parlor fans, they just fanning. I'm sweating. And the preacher, 'If you don't straighten out, you're going to hell!' I'm like, 'Well, what is this? Practice?' 
','0');
That's Cheesy
Q: Why did the mouse go to the party?                                       
 

A: He heard they were playing Parcheesi! 
','0');
Unbearable Lightness of Being
One day mama bear and papa bear were getting a divorce.  The judge decided that baby bear was going to live with mama bear.  
 

Baby bear started to cry .   Whats wrong?  the judge asked baby bear.  
 

 I dont want to live with mama bear, she abuses me!  said baby bear.  
 

 Then, you can live with papa bear  said the judge.  
 

Baby bear started to cry even harder  the judge asked him,  Whats wrong?   Baby bear replied,   I dont want to live with papa bear he abuses me even more than mama bear does. 
 

  Then who do you want to live with?  asked the judge.  
 

Baby bear replied,  I want to live with the Baylor Bears, because they don't beat anyone!  
','0');
Gimme an  R 
A young boy was having a hard time pronouncing the letter ''R,'' and all the other kids were teasing him about it.  
 To help him out, the teacher gave him a sentence to practice at home: ''Robert gave Richard a rap in the ribs for roasting the rabbit so rare.''  
 
  
A few days later, the teacher asked the boy to recite the sentence out loud. 
 
 
The boy nervously replied, ''Bob gave Dick a poke in the side because the bunny wasn't cooked enough.''  
','0');