Corpsalicious!
 
A: Pull the pin and throw it back.    
A: There's a stamp on it.     
The driver gets out and draws a circle and tells her to stand in it. Then he gets out his knife and cuts up her leather seats. He turns around and sees that she's smiling. So he goes to his truck, takes out a baseball bat and starts busting her windows and beating her car. He looks back to see that she's laughing.  
He's really mad now, so he takes his knife and slices her tires. He turns around, and she's laughing so hard that she's about to fall down. He demands, What's so funny?  
She says, Every time you weren't looking, I stepped out of the circle!    
Beacause a blonde drowned in it.   
A: The bleached blonde isn't throwing bread crumbs at the helicopters!   
Sorry, we don't sell to blondes, he replied. 
She hurried home and dyed her hair, then came back and again told the salesman, I would like to buy this TV.  
Sorry, we don't sell to blondes, he replied.  
Darn, he recognized me, she thought.  
She went for a complete disguise this time: haircut and new color, new outfit and big sunglasses, and then she waited a few days before she again approached the salesman. I would like to buy this TV. 
Sorry, we don't sell to blondes, he replied.  
Frustrated, she exclaimed, How do you know I'm a blonde? 
Because that's a microwave, he replied.    
A: A Frosted Flake.   The doctor looks at her and asks, Your really blonde, aren''t you? She replies Yes, as a matter of fact I am. How did you guess? Doctor says, Well your finger is broken.   
A fake blonde doing cartwheels!   
 Officer: What's 2+2?   
Blonde: Ummmmm... 4!   
Officer: What's the square root of 100?   
Blonde: Ummmm... 10!   
Officer: Good!  Now, who killed Abraham Lincoln?   
Blonde: Ummmm... I dunno.   
Officer:  Well, you can go home and think about it.  Come back tomorrow.     
The blonde goes home and calls up one of her friends, who asks her if she got the job. The blonde says, excitedly, Not only did I get the job, I'm already working on a murder case!   
A: They can't fit eight cups of water in the little packet.   
A foursome!   
A: She crawled across the street when the sign said, ''DON'T WALK.''    
A: Because 69 is a bit of a mouthful.    
Finally one gets am idea to try to open the car with a hanger. So the first blonde starts fiddling with the lock with the hanger. The other blonde looks up at the sky and suddenly becomes very worried. 
HURRY, HURRY, she urges. IT'S GOING TO RAIN AND WE LEFT THE TOP DOWN!   
A: Alone.    
A: So brunettes can remember them.    
The blonde approached and asked if she was all right.  
The girl said she was.  
A little while later, however, Sandy noticed the girl was in the same spot, still by herself. Approaching again, Sandy offered, Would you like me to be your friend?  
The girl hesitated, then said, Okay, looking at the woman suspiciously.  
Feeling she was making progress, the blonde then asked, Why are you standing here all alone?  
Because, the little girl said with great exasperation, I'm the goalie!   
 A: They think they're getting their picture taken.    
One says, Look at that dead seagull over there.  
And the other looks up and says, Where?   
Waiting at the cross street for the light to change, he noticed a beautiful blonde standing next to him and smiling.    
   What are those big bulges in your running shorts? she asked.       
Tennis balls, answered the man, smiling back.       
Wow, said the blonde, looking upset. That must hurt. I once had tennis elbow and the pain was unbearable.   
They both have a black box!   
For people who don't drink.   
A: She can spell BMW.    
A: Because guys keep telling them that 1 inch is really 6 inches.   
    A: Gifted.    
A Golden Retriever.   
So blondes could cook, too!   
A hole! You need to put a hole in the ice!   
A: She throws it off a cliff.    
E-I-E-I-O!!   
A: A mental block.      
A: Nothing.....you get what you paid for.   
The blond man turned to his wife and yelled, All right, who's the other father?    
Two tight ends and a wide receiver!   
 A: A hula hoop with a nail in it.    
A: There are envelopes in the disk drive.   
 A: They wanted to see if their maxi-pads really had wings.   
The next day she goes to Wal-mart and her phone rings, so she answers it. 
It was her husband.  He says, How's the new cell phone? 
She replied, Great...but how did you know I was at Wal-mart?   
A: To buy a VCR.    
A: Ho, ho, ho!    
So they went home.   
A: Her tampon is behind her ear, and she can't find her pencil.    
A: To catch everything that goes over their heads.    
A: 100. One to make the batter and 99 to crack the shells on the M&amp;Ms.   
A: She fell out of the tree.   
A: To draw blood.    
A: So she could have shade when she swam across.    
The guy asks, ''What are you carrying?'' 
''Melons,'' the blonde replies. 
''Cool, the guy says. If I can guess how many there are, can I have one of them?'' 
The blonde giggles and says, ''If you can guess how many there are, you can have BOTH of them.''   
Keep the tip.  A: They both fell off the motorcycle.    
 A: Her headlights weren't working, so she was flashing people.    
The brunette replied, I think I'll buy a new set of plates because mine are chipped. What are you going to buy?  
The blonde said, I think I'm gonna buy a new butt because my old one has an enormous crack in it.    
Five - one to hold the udder, and four to lift and the cow up and down.   
Would you like fries with that?   
A: Give her an M&amp;M bag, and tell her to alphabetize it.   
She says, My mom died.  
He told her to go home, but she said, No, I'll be fine.  
Later that day, her boss finds her crying again. He says, What's wrong?  
She replies, I just talked to my sister, and her mom died, too!    
A: An ironing board's legs are hard to open   
If you could have a conversation with anyone, alive or dead, who would it be? 
I'd have to say the living one.   
After a few hours, the manager noticed that the conveyer belt was backed up. He  went downstairs to find out what was wrong.  
 He saw that the blonde was sewing two marbles into the crotch of every Elmo.    
The manager told her, I said to give each Elmo two test tickles -- not two testicles!    
She sticks it in the microwave.   
I'm trying to pop out this dent, but it's not really working. 
Duh. You have to roll up the windows first!   
  A: She had an F under Sex.    
Help, help! yells one of the blondes. 
Help us, help us! yells the other. 
Maybe it would help if we yelled together, said the first blonde. 
Good idea, said the other. 
Together, together!  A: They can both drive you crazy.   
Did you see their face? her friends asked when she came back inside. 
No, but it's okay -- I got the license plate number!   
  It stands for, Tits Go In Front.   
A: The hide-and-seek champion of 1996.    
While she was gone, the brunette and the redhead decided to play a joke on her. They skinned a rabbit and snuck up on the blonde, put the guts behind her and ran back to the campsite. Three minutes later they heard a scream.  
Then they waited another half an hour and the blonde came back, sweating.  She said, I had to poop so hard I pooped my guts out. But thanks to God and these two fingers, I stuffed them back in.   
A: He's been chasing parked cars.   
She answered, 235,000 miles. Her friend told her that was the problem. So the blonde went to the mechanic and told him to put the miles at 40,000. 
 Two days later the blonde's friend asked her if she sold the car after rolling back the odometer. 
 The blonde told her, Why would I sell my car? There are only 40,000 miles on it.    
So the blonde looks up!   
How do you keep an idiot busy? (see above)    
Hey, we saw what the other teams were doing. Their's were still sticking out of the ground.   
A: Blow in her ear.    
She heard she could get a pair of breasts for $1.99   
What's going on here, ma'am? 
Well, I was driving along when all of a sudden there was a tree right in my path. I swerved to miss it, but there was another tree. And after that, another, and another. The cop looked inside her car and sighed. 
Ma'am. That's your air freshener.   
A: A space invader.    
Dandruff on her shoes!   
A: Artifical intelligence.    
A: A rebel without a clue.    
Sit a kitty beside her.   
After several minutes of anxious waiting, a young, blonde prostitute comes in. The boy is beside himself, and he leaps up from the bed, grabs the television, and throws it out the window. The girl thinks this is odd behavior, but she shrugs it off, and begins to undress. As she strips, the farmboy runs over, grabs the night stand and throws it out the window. Again the girl thinks this is odd, but being an experienced hooker, she figures it's a fetish and continues disrobing.  The girl removes her panties, and with that, the farm boy grabs the entire bed and starts lugging it toward the window.  
The girl, figuring this is one even she hasn't heard of, finally asks, What the hell are you doing? 
The farm boy replies, Ah ain't never been with no woman before but, if it's anythin' like fuckin' sheep, we gonna need all the room we can git.   
A: She was told she was supposed to hold up the bride's train.    
A: Tell her a blonde joke.    
Shoot the people pushing it!   
A: The translator.     
A: Knock on the door.    
  Ho. Ho. Ho.   
Bait!   
A: Partying!    
A: The stupid blonde -- the other two don't exist.    
One yells to the other, How do you get to the other side? 
You are on the other side, the other shouts back.    
A: Is this a joke?    
A Barbie-Q!   
What are you doing?'' says her boyfriend. 
Shut up! You're next!   
More legroom!   
The cop asked, Miss, why are you driving so recklessly?  
The blonde said, I'm sorry, sir, but wherever I go, there's always a tree in front of me, and I can't seem to get away from it!  
The cop told her, Lady, that's your air freshener.    
Along came a blonde who thought it looked like fun.  
So she joined in and started singing 21, 21, 21, 21, and then a train came.  
The brunette jumped off the tracks but the train ran over the blonde.  
The brunette got back on the train tracks and started singing 22, 22, 22, 22,...   
A: So they don't whistle on their way down.   
A: A blonde trying to set fire to it.   
 Crap!   
A: Her ears flap.   
The librarian says to her coworkers, So here's the person who took our phone book!    
A: To see what was on the other side.    
I'm sorry, says the pharmacist, we don't have any.  
But I always get it here, says the blonde.  
Do you have the container it comes in?  
Yes! says the blonde, I will go and get it. 
She returns with the container and hands it to the pharmacist, who looks at it and says to her, This is just a normal stick of underarm deodorant.  
The annoyed blonde snatches the container back and reads out loud from the container: To apply, push up bottom.   
Q: What does she do when it gets really cold?    
 A: She lights it.    
A: So she could use it as a mirror.   
 The doctor asked her, What about the other ear?  
 She replied, They called back.    
The bartender looks at them and asks, Is this some kind of joke?    
She got run over by the zamboni!   
A: Are you sure it's mine?    
A: One hundred -- one to hold the lightbulb, the other 99 to rotate the house.    
She threw it away because the people in the video weren't losing weight either!   
The two brunettes decide to make the blonde check how deep the poop is so they can jump down. So the blonde jumps down and yells, It's only ankle deep.  
So the two brunettes jump down and scream, What are you talking about?! It's up to our heads!  
And the blonde replies, Well, I jumped in head first.   
   A: It makes them feel popular.    
Hey girls, says the brunette. Let's go home early tomorrow. She'll never know.  
So the next day, they all leave right after their boss. The brunette gets some extra gardening done, the redhead goes to a bar, and the blonde goes home to find her husband having sex with the female boss. She quietly sneaks out of the house and returns at her normal time. 
That was fun, says the brunette. We should do it again sometime. 
No way, says the blonde. I almost got caught.    
One lays bricks and the other lays pricks!   
That's where you wash all your vegetables!   
You walk toward them and they open!   
But their rope could only bear the weight of of five people. 
The brunette said,  Save yourselves.  I'll let go. 
Impressed by her sacrifice, all of the blondes clapped...   
A: Because they always forget the recipe.    
The brunette also looks to the east, figures the distance to shore is about 20 miles and starts swimming.  She gets 15 miles out, but she gets tired and drowns.   
The blonde figures that there's about 20 miles to the shore also. She swims 19 miles to the point where she can barely see the shore, and then she gets tired. So she swims back.    
The blonde bet the redhead $50  that he wouldn't jump, and the redhead replied, ?I'll  take that bet!?  
 Anyway, sure enough, he jumped, so the blonde gave the redhead the $50 she owed. The redhead said, ?I can't take this, you're my friend.  I have to admit, I saw this on the 5 o'clock news, so I can't take   your money.?   
The blonde replied, ?Well, so did I, but I never   thought he'd jump again!?    
A: She thought it was Diet Coke.    
A: They're dirty blondes.   
Listen to Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake.   
A: She can't find the eleven.    
The blonde driving looks at her friend in the passenger seat and asks her to see if her blinker is working. So the blonde looks out the window and says, ''Yes. No. Yes. No.''   
A: Spits out the feathers.   
 A: A case of empties!   
A few minutes passed and sure enough, the blonde came out of her house again, checked her mail box, stamped her foot and went back inside. The man stopped mowing and checked her mailbox to see what was so wrong with it. After seeing nothing, he went back to mowing just shrugging his shoulders.  
As soon as he heard her coming out again, he shut off his mowing machine and went up to her. ''What in the world are you doing, coming out here every five minutes?''  
The blonde looked up at the man and said, ''Well, you see, there's this little voice in my house that keeps on saying, 'You've got mail,' but when I come out here to check, I don't have any.''   
The blonde thinks for a moment, and then asks cherry or grape?   
The woman on the other end of the phone says, Just a minute. 
The blonde says, Thanks! and hangs up the phone.    
A: At least the garbage gets taken out once a week.    
She screams, ''Nein! Nein!'' so two guys walk away.    
A: They always leave to go answer the door.    
Have you found a blank piece yet, Chip? said the teacher. 
Nope. I haven't, said the dumb jock.  Somebody went through and drew lines across all of the pages.   
Her friend says, First learn all the provinces and their capitals. 
So that week the blonde learned them. The next week she was at a party and a man asked a question. The blonde says, I know the anwser!  
Then the man said  What would you know? You're just a dumb blonde?  
Then the blonde says, I'll have you know I'm not just a dumb blonde, I know all the provinces and their capitals. 
Then the man said,  Okay, Saskatchewan. 
The blonde started to grin. 
What are you grinning about? said the man. 
The blonde said, Easy. S.   
A: To be like Vanna White and learn the alphabet.    
  The sign said ''Wet Floor.''   
A: She heard drinks were on the house.    
''As soon as I clock off'' he said, ''I'm going to have a nice cold beer and then screw the arse off that blonde flight attendant.''    The horrified flight attendant made a dash toward the cockpit, but tripped over in the aisle.  
 A little old lady sitting there whispered, ''There's no need to hurry love, he said he was going to have a beer first.''   
She's still looking for a lake with a slope!!     
The blonde looks through the screen door and sees two men standing behind the farmer.  ''Okay,'' she says.    After going to bed, the woman begins to get a little hot  thinking about the two boys in the room next to her. So she quietly goes into their room and says, ''Boys, how would you like for me to teach you the ways of the world?''     
They say, ''Huh?''      
She says, ''The only thing is, I don't want to get pregnant, so you have to wear these rubbers.'' She puts them on the boys, and the three of them go at it all night long.      
Forty years later Jed and Luke are sitting on the front porch, rocking back and forth.    Jed says, ''Luke? You remember that blonde woman that came by here forty years ago and showed us the ways of the world?''     
''Yeah,'' says Luke, ''I remember.''     
''Well, do you care if she gets pregnant?'' asks Jed.     
''Nope,'' says Luke, ''I reckon not.''     
''Me neither,'' says Jed. ''Let's take these things off.''   
A: Fat.   
A: A blonde at a flashing red light.    
They went to see Closed for the Winter.    
Who's there? 
Britney Spears 
Britney Spears who? 
Knock knock 
Who's there? 
Oops I did it again!   
Duh! It says for best taste drink by date on the bottom.   
A: All you can eat under a buck.   
A: None -- they're all true.    
Because you have to hollow out the head first.   
The genie says, You are allowed three wishes. But I must warn you, anything you get, all the blondes in the world get twice as much.   
The woman says, OK. Give me a nice house. 
 The genie replies, You now have one nice house, and all the blondes in the world have two.  
 The woman says, Give me a gorgeous man.  
 The genie replies, You now have one gorgeous man while all the blondes have two.  
The brunette says, For my last wish, Genie, see that stick over there? Beat me half to death with it.    
Parking for drive-through customers only!       
Because their balls hang out!   
A guy asked her, Hey, what's with the shower caps? 
Shower caps? she replied. These are booby condoms!    
A: Bury it alive!  Congressman into the turnbuckle now considered acceptable method of ending a filibuster. 
    12&gt; President now shoutsentire State of the Union address with his face 18 inches from TV camera. 
    11&gt; IRS audit replacedby more efficient reverse body slam onto enema. 
    10&gt; Government becomes acharade of meaningless noises and lots of posturing by a bunch of inarticulate losers withno class or manners-- Hey, wait a minute... 
    9&gt; Free school lunchesdestined for the needy instead go to the biggest, meanest, stupidest kid in each school. 
    8&gt; Sex scandals nowinvolve even skankier women. 
    7&gt; January 20:Inauguration ceremonies January 21: FDA approves over-the-counter sale of steroids. 
    6&gt; Newt Gingrich isfinally able to wear his mask and cape out of the house. 
    5&gt; During House debate,it is acceptable to yield to the gentleman wielding a folding chair. 
    4&gt; Difficult findinginterns willing to accommodate an entire pouch of Skoal. 
    3&gt; Strom Thurmond*finally* removed by The Undertaker. 
    2&gt; Line to bodyslam KenStarr winds around Lincoln Memorial. 
    1&gt; Before: Mr. VicePresident      After: Stone Cold Cheney <p align=center>Back  
 There is white out all over the screen.  
 A brunette with bad breath.   
A: Look, they spelled Macy's wrong!    
 A: You wake up.    
The genie says, Since I can only grant three wishes, you may each have one. 
The brunette says, I've been stuck here for years. I miss my family, my husband and my life. I just want to go home. 
Poof! The brunette gets her wish, and she is returned to her family. 
The redhead says, I've also been stuck here for years, and I wish I could go home, too. 
Poof! The redhead gets her wish, and she is returned to her family. 
The blonde starts crying uncontrollably. 
The genie asks, My dear, what's the matter? 
The blonde whimpers, I wish my friends were still here.    
A: A moron kept trying to shoot himself.    
A: I don't know, and neither does she.    
A: An air pocket.    
Tell her to count the stairs on a escalator.     
  A: Her husband was a blonde, too.    
She jumped out a basement window!   
I still can't find the difference.   
Because none of them are blonde.   
Oh, crap! Puppies.   
Here we go again!   5. Both are full of hot air.
 4. Both are frequently passed from man to man.
  3. Both have been known to score.
 2. Both are often handled by hot, sweaty guys on television.
 1. Women aren't especially fond of them. 
    
A: She kept following the instructions: lather, rinse, repeat!    
The blonde operates on more laptops!   
A: They can't find another blonde who knows the whole alphabet.   
Her friend asked, What's the capital of France? 
 The blonde replied, Oh, that's so easy! F.    
A: It gives them something to do on Saturday night.    
Gifted   
The blonde comes over, and they make dinner. They're watching a movie when the sunburn on the guy's d**k really starts to hurt. He excuses himself to the kitchen, where he pours milk on his d**k to alleviate the burn.  
 The blonde, who has followed him, peeks in the kitchen and says to herself,  So that's how they load them.   
A: She forgot to take the tissues out of the box.   
Will that be paper or plastic?   
A: So they can tell if they're coming home or going to work.   
And since it was such a hot day, a line had formed behind her.  Finally, a guy on line said, Will you hurry up? We're all hot and thirsty!  
And the blonde said, No way.  I'm still winning!   
A: Four blondes in four cars at a four-way stop.    
A: Shine a flashlight in her ear.    
The blonde makes her choice, picks it up, comes back to the farmer to thank him. Oh no, he says, you can't have that one. Why not? asks the blonde, you said I could have any sheep I wanted. And the farmer says, Ma'am, that's my dog.   
A: A blonde trying to burn it down   
    Build a circular driveway.   
A: Artificial intelligence.    
It went over her head!   
A: She threw away all the W&amp;W's.    
A: She told them she was good at handling members.    
The pig replies, Oink oink. Get the shuttle into orbit and launch the trillion dollar satellite. Oink oink.  
Then NASA asks the second pig, Pig #2, do you know your mission?  
The second pig replies, Oink oink.  Once Pig #1 has completed the trillion dollar satellite launch, close hatch and go back to Earth.  Land shuttle. Oink oink.  
Then NASA asks the blonde, Blonde woman, do you know your mission?  
The blonde woman replies, Um. Oh yeah, I remember now. 'Feed the pigs -- and don't touch a thing!'    
After her husband arrives home,  he finds his wife lying on the floor in a pool of sweat while wearing a parka and a mink. He asked her what she was doing.  
 She said, I wanted to prove to you that not all blonde women are dumb, and I wanted to do it by painting the living room.   
He says that he was impressed at the good job she had done, but asked, Why are you wearing two coats?     
She replied, I read the directions on the paint can, and they said, ''For best results, put on two coats!'    
A: To remind them that Toes Go In First.   
She drowns it!!   
The blonde asks the manager what it means, and the manager says it means, Come to Me. 
So the blonde smells the perfume and asks her friend, Does this smell like come to you?  Because it doesn't smell like come to me.   
To this, the professor just rolled his eyes and looked away. When she was done, the professor announced that there were five minutes left to go. Oh my god! she said in an excited voice, and started to flip the coin as fast as possible.   
Spot   
A: The pills keep falling out.   
No, said the brunette. 
Okay, said the blonde. You start.    
A: The brunette -- the blonde had to stop and ask for directions.    
A: Tell her a joke on Monday.    
A: You wave at her.    
The doctor looked concerned and said, Show me where.  
The blonde touched her own arm and screamed, Ouch! 
Then she touched her leg and screamed, Ouch!  
She touched her nose and cried, Ouch! 
She looked at her doctor and said, See? It hurts everywhere! 
The doctor laughed and said, Don't worry; it's not serious. You've just got a broken index finger.    
A: Lots.    
A: Because 69's a mouthful.   
A: A dope ring.    
Put a scratch-n-sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool.   
To show the blonde how!   
She chewed off three legs and was still stuck.    room?; the captain asked. Why not? She replied, There are only threedoors in here, she sobbed, one is the bathroom, one is the closet, and one hasa sign on it that says 'Do Not Disturb'!   
So they climed up the ladder and then the blonde threw it down.  
The next morning, the cops said, Come out with your hands in the air!  
The red-head said, Hide in those baskets, they'll never find us!  
So the Brunette got in the first one, the red-head got in the second one and the blonde got in the third one. Meanwhile, the cops were getting a ladder set up and trying to get up there. Once they got up, the seargent ordered them to kick the baskets.  
So the cop kicked the first one: RUFF. 
It's just a damn dog! yelled the cop.  
The cop kicked the next one: MEOW.  
It's just a damn cat, yelled the cop. 
The cop kicked the next basket and the blonde yelled, POTATOES!  Tricycle KickstandSolar FlashlightDehydrated WaterFire Proof MatchesReversible Sandwich BreadBlack Light BulbGarage Door CloserCordless Cell PhoneDisposable Garbage Bags  
    A: She was trying to blow her horn.    
The operator said, OK, calm down, and we'll be there soon. How do we get to your house?    
The blonde replied, Duh, in that big red truck!    
Now, she says, which hole did the fart come out of? 
That's easy, says the Devil. All of them. 
No, stupid! It came out of my butthole!   
A: They don't want to pay the flat tax.    
A: A brunette who has been telling too many blonde jokes.    
 A: It was going too fast for her to get on.    
They both swallow semen   
 A: Because she's 21.    
A: Dead.    
The cop yelled, Pull over!  
She shouted back, No, it's a sweater!    
So when you pull on a blonde's tit, she doesn't s**t on the floor.   
Their ankles.     
A: Between you and me, we could make a lot of money.  
 They chuckled and reply,  No, we aren't even Catholic.    
What can I help you with?'' he asked.  
''Well first, what is that thing between my husband's legs   called?''    
''Ma'am,'' he answered, ''that there is called a penis.''   
''I see,'' she said. ''Now what is the big thing on the end of the penis   called?''    
''Why that there is called the head of   the penis.''    
''I do declare!'' exclaimed the young woman. ''One last question doctor,   what are those two big round things about 12 to 14 inches behind the   head of the penis?''   
''I'm not sure about your husband, ma'am, but on me,   they're called the cheeks of my ass!''   
The cow sat on him!  
 There is tobacco spit stains on BOTH sides of his pickup truck.   
All your garbage is gone and your dog is pregnant.   
He replies, It's not for sale.  
The woman says, Please I want that one, again he says it's not for sale.  
The woman says, I'll give you a hundred dollars for it. and the salesman says, Well, okay.  
Five minutes later, his boss walks in and asks, How's business today?  
The salesman replied, It's pretty slow but I just made a hundred dollars off of my thermos.  
 1.  Don't order a steak at a Waffle House. They serve breakfast 24 hrs a day, so let them cook something they know.     
2.  Don't laugh at people's names. Merleen, Bodie, Luther Ray, Tammy Ann, Mari Beth, and Inez have all been known to whip a man's ass for less than that.     
3.  Don't order a bottle of pop or a can of soda -- this can lead to a merciless beating. Down South it's called Coke, even if you want a Pepsi.     
4.  Don't show allegiances to any college football squad that isn't an SEC team. All the others are a bunch of candy asses who get to play Wyoming every week.     
5.  Don't refer to Southerner's as a bunch of hillbillies. Many of us are/have been more literate than you (e.g. Welty, Williams, Faulkner), better educated, and generally much nicer to boot.  We've got plenty of business sense (e.g.Turner Broadcasting, MCI WorldCom, MTV, and Netscape). Naturally, we can have lapses of judgment from time to time (e.g. Clinton, Fordice, Duke). We don't care if you think we're dumb, we know better!   
6.  We are fully aware that the humidity is high. Quit your bitching, spend your money, and leave.     
7.  Don't order wheat toast at the Cracker Barrel. If you do this, everyone will know you're from Ohio. Eat the biscuits like God intended and for goodness sake, don't put sugar in your grits.    
8.  Don't attempt to fake a Southern accent.  Nothing will incite a riot faster.     
9.  Don't go around talking about how much better it is back home.  If you don't like it here, take your Yankee ass back home.     
10. We don't play lacrosse, hockey or any of those other sissy ass Northern games, so don't ask about the scores. We...simply...don't...care.     
11. We know how to speak proper English, we talk this way because we want to and we can. It's like playing jazz, you have to know how to do it right first.     
12. Last, but by no means least...DO NOT try to tell us how to Bar-B-Q. This could lead to permanent expulsion and revocation of your work visa.    Consider yourself just damn lucky that we let you come down here in the first place. Don't push your luck!   
Qwack!    
When Samantha and Janet get to the farm, they tell the farmer what happened. The farmer   raises a gun to their head and tells them to get a fruit, vegetable, whatever, just get something from the garden. Samantha grabs a turnip, and Janet grabs a single grape. Just as they come back into the farmer's house, Rebecca walks in. He tells Rebecca to do the same as they just did, and Rebecca heads off towards the garden. While she's out in the garden, the farmer tells Samantha and Janet to shove whatever they have up their ass, and who ever laughs, dies.  Samantha laughs first, so the farmer shoots her. Then Janet laughs and she gets killed too.  
So they are floating out of their bodies, and Janet asks Samantha why she died. Samantha said that the thought of sticking a turnip up your ass was just too funny. Samantha then asked Janet why she laughed, Janet said: I saw Rebecca coming around the corner with a watermelon!   
Mom's weighing the mailman.   
 A: Carry-Oakies    
Once inside they each hid in a old sack against the barn wall. The farmer went into the barn but did not see where they went, he was about to turn back when he saw three suspicious looking sacks.  He walked forward and prodded the first sack with his gun.  The Englishman inside said... ''Meow'.' 
     Just cats, he thought. 
He then prodded the second sack.  The Welshman, hearing how the Englishman got off said... ''Woof'.' 
Just dogs, he thought.  
As he walked towards the last sack, the Irishman worked out what he was going to say.  As soon as the farmer prodded his sack he said... ''Potatoes!''   
Yeah, we''ll take four of dem dere budgies in dat cage op dere, says Mick, Put dem in a pepper bag  
The shopkeeper does as asked and the two pay for the birds and leave. They get into Mick''s van and drive until they reach a cliff with a 500ft drop.   
Dis looks loike a grand place, says Mick.   
He then takes the two birds out of the bag, places them on his shoulders and jumps off the cliff. 
Paddy watches as his friend drops off the edge and goes straight down for a few seconds followed by a loud Splat! 
As Paddy looks over the edge of the cliff he shakes his head. 
Focket Dat, Paddy says, dis budgie jumpin'' is too dangerous for me... 
A few minutes later, Seamus approaches. He too has been to the pet shop andis carrying the familiar 'pepper bag.'  
Seamus pulls a parrot out of the bag and Paddy notices that in the other hand Seamus is carrying a gun. 
Watch this Paddy he says, as he launches himself over the edge of the cliff.  
Paddy watches as half way down Seamus takes the gun and blows the parrot''s head off. Seamus continues to plummet until he joins Sean''s mashed remains at the bottom of the cliff.  
Paddy shakes his head and says, An oim never troyin'' that parrotshooting oider... 
After a few minutes,  Danny strolls up. He too has been to the pet shop and walks up with his 'pepper bag.' 
Danny pulls a chicken out of the bag.  He puts the chicken above his head, holds its legs and launches himself off the cliff with the same result.  
Once more Paddy shakes his head. 
For me life Danny, first der was Sean wit his budgie jumpin, den Seamus parrotshooting and now you fockin'' hengliding...   
Non 
Athletic 
Sport 
Created 
Around 
Rednecks   
A: The front row of a Garth Brooks concert!    
He replies, Twice a day I stand in front of my tomato garden and expose myself. My tomatoes turn red from blushing so much. 
The woman decides to do the same thing. So twice a day for two weeks she exposes herself to the garden. Her neighbor asks, How did it go? Did you tomatoes turn red? 
No, she replies, but my cucumbers are enormous.   
They needed the car for driver's ed.   
 Bug - The reason you give for calling in sick.
 Byte - What your pitbull done to cousin Jethro.
 Chip - Pasture muffins that you try not to step in.
 Terminal - Time to call the undertaker.
 Crash - When you go to Junior's party uninvited.
 Digital - The art of counting on your fingers.
 Diskette - Female Disco dancer.
 Fax - What you lie about to the IRS.
 Hacker - Uncle Leroy after 32 years of smoking.
 Hardcopy - Picture looked at when selecting tattoos.
 Internet - Where cafeteria workers put their hair.
 Keyboard - Where you hang the keys to the John Deere.
 Mac - Big Bubba's favorite fast food.
 Megahertz - How your head feels after 17 beers.
 Modem - What you do when the grass gets too high.
 Mouse Pad - Where Mickey and Minnie live.
 Network - Scooping up a big fish before it breaks the line.
 ROM - Where the pope lives.
 Screen - Keeps mosquitoes off the porch.
 Serial Port - A red wine you drink with breakfast.
 Superconductor - Amtrak's Employee of the year.
 SCSI (pronounced scuzzi) - What you call your week-old underwear.   
Sir, says the salesman. Could you help me? My car's broken down, and I need a place to stay for the night. 
Sure, says the farmer. But I only have one bed, and my very, very ugly daughter sleeps there. 
Oh, crap, says the salesman. I'm in the wrong joke.   
Bob said, ''I know. I can spit in the water!''  
But Bubba said, '' No! How will we know it's your spit?''  
They thought and thought and finally Bob said, '' I know. We can draw an 'X'  right here on the side of the boat!'' 
 But Bubba said ''No, no, Bob. That won't work! How will we know that we get the same boat next time?''   
Where you flyin' to? says the southern woman. The northern woman turns up her nose. 
Don't you know you should NEVER end a sentence with a preposition? The southern woman thinks about this for a second. 
Where you flyin' to, bitch?   
The man gets up screaming, grabs his trousers and runs home to tell his father.   
His father comforts him by saying, Now, now. It'll be okay, son.   If she wasn't good enough for her own family, then she isn't good enough for ours.   
Well, that didn't take so durn long, said one of them. 
Naw, it didn't. 'Specially considering it says 3-5 years on the box.   
This is your secret? says the first guy. 
Try some dip, says the third. They both take a little bit o' dip. 
Ech! says the second guy. This tastes like s**t! 
It is s**t. Would you like to buy a toothbrush?   
Kick his sister in the chin!   
Why does a chicken lay eggs? Because if she dropped them, they'd break   
Later that night, the second guy had to take a shit, so he s**t in some sheets and put it down the chute. The next morning, the third guy asked the second guy third guy asked the first guy how he slept, and he said, I slept fine except I saw a ghost and beat the s**t out of it.   
Sure enough, the father was able to find a suitable bride just right down the road and the couple was married shortly thereafter.    Six weeks later the farmer was again going behind   the barn and caught his son vigorously jerking off. The farmer went berzerk. 
Why are you still doing this, why aren't you with your wife?    
Aw Paw, said the son,  Her little old arm gets so tired.   
The second says they should ask for food, so he then goes up and knocks on the door and an old, ugly lady answers. He asks for food and she agrees - but only under one condition. They must have sex with her.  
The first drifter says no, the lady is too ugly, and goes back into the woods.  
The third guy is very hungry and agrees. He enters the cottage and goes into a corner near a pile of corn to transact his business with the old lady. The old lady is ready, but the guy says he'll only do it if she's blindfolded.  
So she puts on a blindfold and bends over. Quickly the guy grabs an ear of corn and sticks it inside the old lady, then throws it out the window. The woman says, Again, and the man does the same thing. Satisfied, she gives the man some food and he leaves. As he is walking out of the farmhouse, he comes upon the other two guys.  
Guess what? the first guy says, while you screwed that old hag we found two ears of cream corn!  bull-bars of my truck. He's still wriggling ? what should I do?''  
In the back of your truck there's a shotgun. Shoot the pig in the head and when it stops wriggling you can pull it out and throw it in a bush.  
The farm worker agrees and signs off. About 10 minutes later he radios back. Boss I did what you said, I shot the pig and dragged it out and threw it in a bush. 
So what's the problem now? his Boss snapped.  
The blue light on his bike is still flashing!    
The North has sun-dried toe-mah-toes
   The South has 'mater samiches   
The North has coffeehouses
   The South has Waffle Houses   
The North has dating services
   The South has family reunions   
The North has switchblade knives
   The South has Lee Press-on Nails   
The North has double last names
   The South has double first names   
The North has Ted Kennedy
   The South has Jesse Helms   
The North has an ambulance
   The South has an amalance   
The North has the Mafia
   The South has NASCAR   
The North has Indy car races
   The South has Swamp Buggy races   
The North has Cream of Wheat or Oatmeal
   The South has grits   
The North has green salads
   The South has collard greens and chitlins   
The North has lobsters
   The South has crawdads   
The North has Distilleries, Breweries, and  liquor stores
   The South has stills, shine, and them ridgerunners   
The North has the rust belt
   The South has the Bible Belt   
The North has Dan Quayle
   The South has Bill Clinton    
The Redneck says, I want my $20 million. 
To which the man replied, No sir. It doesn't work that way.  We give you a million today, and then you'll get the rest spread out for the next 19 years. 
The Redneck said, I want all my money RIGHT now! I won it, and I want it. 
Again the man patiently explains that he would only get a million that day and the rest during the next 19 years. 
The Redneck, furious with the man, screams out, Look, I WANT MY MONEY!!  If you're not going to give me my $20 million right now, THEN I WANT MY DOLLAR BACK!''   
 A: He saw the salad dressing.    
He looks over at the bartender with pride and says, Lookie what I almost stepped in!   
Three rabbits, Jed said. 
The warden said, Let me see one of those rabbits. 
 So Jed pulled out one of the rabbits. The warden stuck his finger in the rabbit's butthole, pulled it out, smelled it and said, This is a Georgia rabbit.  
Then the warden said, Let me see your Georgia huntin' license. 
 So Jed showed him. Then the warden said, Let me see another one of those rabbits. 
So Jed pulled out another rabbit. 
Then the warden stuck his finger in the rabbit's bunghole, tasted it and said, This is a Alamba rabbit.  Let me see your Alamba huntin' license. 
 So Jed showed them to him. Then the Warden said, Where you from boy? 
So Jed pulled his pants down and said, You figure it out!   
Son, is your mother home?  The little boy nods yes. 
Can I see her please?  The boy nods again, and they go around to the back of the house where they find the mother on the ground, humping away with a sheep.   
Son, do you see what your mother is doing? The boy nods yes.   
Do you know what that is? The boy nods.  
Doesn't that bother you? 
Naaaaaaaaaaaah!   
The next time the boy went to the barn he was   about to shoot his load and reached down to grab   his can but a little frog had jumped in. The boy   looked in the can saw the frog and said, Son   you're ugly but daddy loves ya.  2000 to 16 year old students!  (Don't laugh too hard - one of these may be thepresident someday.) 
  Q: Name the four seasons.  A: Salt, pepper, mustard and vinegar. 
  Q: Explain one of the processes by which water can be made safe  to drink.  A: Flirtation makes water safe to drink because it removes  large pollutants like grit, sand, dead sheep and canoeists. 
  Q: How is dew formed?  A: The sun shines down on the leaves and makes them perspire. 
  Q: What is a planet?  A: A body of earth surrounded by sky. 
  Q: What causes the tides in the oceans?  A: The tides are a fight between the Earth and the Moon.  All  water tends to flow towards the moon, because there is no water on  the moon, and nature abhors a vacuum.  I forget where the sun joins  in this fight. 
  Q: In a democratic society, how important are elections?  A: Very important.  Sex can only happen when a male gets a election. 
  Q: What are steroids?  A: Things for keeping carpets still on the stairs. 
  Q: What happens to your body as you age?  A: When you get old, so do your bowels and you get intercontinental. 
  Q: What happens to a boy when he reaches puberty?  A: He says good-bye to his boyhood and looks forward to his  adultery. 
  Q; Name a major disease associated with cigarettes.  A: Premature death. 
  Q: How can you delay milk turning sour?  A: Keep it in the cow. 
  Q: How are the main parts of the body categorized? (E.g., abdomen.)  A: The body is consisted into three parts - the brainium, the  borax and the abdominal cavity.  The branium contains the brain, the  borax contains the heart and lungs, and the abdominal cavity contains  the five bowels, A,E,I,O and U. 
  Q: What is the Fibula?  A: A small lie 
  Q: What does varicose mean?  A: Nearby. 
  Q: What is the most common form of birth control?  A: Most people prevent contraception by wearing a condominium. 
  Q: Give the meaning of the term Caesarean Section.  A: The caesarean section is a district in Rome. 
  Q: What is a seizure?  A: A Roman emperor. 
  Q: What is a terminal illness?  A: When you are sick at the airport 
  Q: Give an example of a fungus.  What is a characteristic feature?  A: Mushrooms.  They always grow in damp places and so they look  like umbrellas. 
  Q: What does the word benign mean?  A: Benign is what you will be after you be eight. 
  Q: What is a turbine?  A: Something an Arab wears on his head. 
  Q: What is a Hindu?  A: It lays eggs. 
  Q: Name the four seasons.  A: Salt, pepper, mustard and vinegar. 
  Q: Explain one of the processes by which water can be made safe  to drink.  A: Flirtation makes water safe to drink because it removes  large pollutants like grit, sand, dead sheep and canoeists. 
  Q: How is dew formed?  A: The sun shines down on the leaves and makes them perspire. 
  Q: What is a planet?  A: A body of earth surrounded by sky. 
  Q: What causes the tides in the oceans?  A: The tides are a fight between the Earth and the Moon.  All  water tends to flow towards the moon, because there is no water on  the moon, and nature abhors a vacuum.  I forget where the sun joins  in this fight. 
  Q: In a democratic society, how important are elections?  A: Very important.  Sex can only happen when a male gets a election. 
  Q: What are steroids?  A: Things for keeping carpets still on the stairs. 
  Q: What happens to your body as you age?  A: When you get old, so do your bowels and you get intercontinental. 
  Q: What happens to a boy when he reaches puberty?  A: He says good-bye to his boyhood and looks forward to his  adultery. 
  Q; Name a major disease associated with cigarettes.  A: Premature death. 
  Q: How can you delay milk turning sour?  A: Keep it in the cow. 
  Q: How are the main parts of the body categorized? (E.g., abdomen.)  A: The body is consisted into three parts - the brainium, the  borax and the abdominal cavity.  The branium contains the brain, the  borax contains the heart and lungs, and the abdominal cavity contains  the five bowels, A,E,I,O and U. 
  Q: What is the Fibula?  A: A small lie 
  Q: What does varicose mean?  A: Nearby. 
  Q: What is the most common form of birth control?  A: Most people prevent contraception by wearing a condominium. 
  Q: Give the meaning of the term Caesarean Section.  A: The caesarean section is a district in Rome. 
  Q: What is a seizure?  A: A Roman emperor. 
  Q: What is a terminal illness?  A: When you are sick at the airport 
  Q: Give an example of a fungus.  What is a characteristic feature?  A: Mushrooms.  They always grow in damp places and so they look  like umbrellas. 
  Q: What does the word benign mean?  A: Benign is what you will be after you be eight. 
  Q: What is a turbine?  A: Something an Arab wears on his head. 
  Q: What is a Hindu?  A: It lays eggs. 
  Q: Name the four seasons.  A: Salt, pepper, mustard and vinegar. 
  Q: Explain one of the processes by which water can be made safe  to drink.  A: Flirtation makes water safe to drink because it removes  large pollutants like grit, sand, dead sheep and canoeists. 
  Q: How is dew formed?  A: The sun shines down on the leaves and makes them perspire. 
  Q: What is a planet?  A: A body of earth surrounded by sky. 
  Q: What causes the tides in the oceans?  A: The tides are a fight between the Earth and the Moon.  All  water tends to flow towards the moon, because there is no water on  the moon, and nature abhors a vacuum.  I forget where the sun joins  in this fight. 
  Q: In a democratic society, how important are elections?  A: Very important.  Sex can only happen when a male gets a election. 
  Q: What are steroids?  A: Things for keeping carpets still on the stairs. 
  Q: What happens to your body as you age?  A: When you get old, so do your bowels and you get intercontinental. 
  Q: What happens to a boy when he reaches puberty?  A: He says good-bye to his boyhood and looks forward to his  adultery. 
  Q; Name a major disease associated with cigarettes.  A: Premature death. 
  Q: How can you delay milk turning sour?  A: Keep it in the cow. 
  Q: How are the main parts of the body categorized? (E.g., abdomen.)  A: The body is consisted into three parts - the brainium, the  borax and the abdominal cavity.  The branium contains the brain, the  borax contains the heart and lungs, and the abdominal cavity contains  the five bowels, A,E,I,O and U. 
  Q: What is the Fibula?  A: A small lie 
  Q: What does varicose mean?  A: Nearby. 
  Q: What is the most common form of birth control?  A: Most people prevent contraception by wearing a condominium. 
  Q: Give the meaning of the term Caesarean Section.  A: The caesarean section is a district in Rome. 
  Q: What is a seizure?  A: A Roman emperor. 
  Q: What is a terminal illness?  A: When you are sick at the airport 
  Q: Give an example of a fungus.  What is a characteristic feature?  A: Mushrooms.  They always grow in damp places and so they look  like umbrellas. 
  Q: What does the word benign mean?  A: Benign is what you will be after you be eight. 
  Q: What is a turbine?  A: Something an Arab wears on his head. 
  Q: What is a Hindu?  A: It lays eggs.   
 Watch it Pa or you'll crush my smokes!   
A: Because it takes 35 patients to make a full set of teeth.   
Sure, says the farmer, as long as you promise not to stick your winky into the three holes. The man promises, and the farmer leaves him there. Of course, he can't resist, and the farmer is woken up in the middle of the night by screams coming from the barn. The farmer goes down and finds the guy stuck in the third hole. 
What are in these holes? the guy screams. 
Well, says the farmer, one of them's my daughter, one's my cow, and one of them's an automatic milking machine that doesn't stop until it gets five gallons.   
You bet!'' exclaims the hillbilly, But I have to tell you, I'm a virgin. I've always been scared because my mom told me that women have sharp teeth  between their legs, and sometimes they bite.    
Don't worry, the woman says, and the two head back to her place, where  she strips and shows the hillbilly her private parts. Now, does it look like I have teeth down there? she asks.   
How could you possible have teeth down there? he says, Look at the shape your gums are in.   
A Bush Hog   
The guy doesn't have the slightest idea what this means but not wanting to display his ignorance, only asks the vet how he will know when the sheep are pregnant. The vet tells him that they will stop standing around and will lie down and wallow in the grass. 
The man hangs up and gives it some thought. He comes to the conclusion that artificial insemination means he has to impregnate the sheep. So, he loads the sheep into his truck, drives them out into the woods, has sex with them all, brings them back, and goes to bed. 
The next morning, he wakes and looks out at the sheep. Seeing that they are all still standing around, he concludes that the first try didn't take, and loads them in the truck again. He drives them out to the woods, bangs each sheep twice for good measure, brings them back, and goes to bed.  
The next morning he wakes to find the sheep still just standing around. One more try, he tells himself, and proceeds to load them up and drive them out to the woods. He spends all day shagging the sheep and upon returning home, falls listlessly into bed.  
The next morning, he cannot even raise himself from the bed to look at the sheep. He asks his wife to look out and tell him if the sheep are lying in the grass.  
No, she says, they're all in the truck and one of them is honking the horn.   
The doorbell rang and the first of the boys arrived. Father answered the door and the lad said, Hi, my name's Joe, I'm here for Flo. We're going to the show, is she ready to go? The father looked him over and sent the kids on their way. 
The next lad arrived and said, My name's Eddie, I'm here for Betty, we're gonna get some spaghetti, is she ready? Father felt this one was okay too, so off the two kids went. 
The final young man arrived and the farmer opened the door. The boy started off, Hi, my name's Chuck? -- and the farmer shot him.   
Hold on there, Mister, said the sheriff. Did I just see what I think I saw? 
Reckon you did, Sheriff. I got me some powerful chapped lips.  
And that cures them? the Sheriff asked.  
Nope, but it keeps me from lickin' 'em.   
What's wrong, fella? asked the bartender. 
''Some things you just can't explain. 
''Try me.''  
Okay. I was milking my cow this morning and I filled the bucket clear to the top. Then the dumb cow knocked it down with her left leg, so I grabbed some string and ties her left leg up.  Then I milked her again and the stupid cow knocked it down with her right leg. So I grabbed some string and tied up her right leg.  I then milked her again and the cow knocked it down with her tail. But this time I was out of string, so I decided to use my belt, so I tied it up with my belt.  Just then my pants fell down and my wife walked in.''   
You're right, said the bartender. Some things you just can't explain.   
Come on her shoes and let the flies do the   rest.   
    Three. One to eat it, and two to watch for cars.   
A: It drove down the lane and turned into a field.  
 Bacteria: Backdoor to cafeteria         
 Barium: What to do when treatment fails         
 Bowel: Letter like A E I O or U         
 Ceasarean Section: District in Rome         
 Cat Scan: Searching for Kitty         
 Cauterize: Made eye contact with her              
 Coma: Punctuation Mark         
 Congenital: Friendly      
  D &amp; C: Where Washington is         
 Dilate: To live long         
 Enema: Not a friend         
 Fester: Quicker        
 Genital: Non-Jewish         
 Hang Nail: Coat Hook         
 Impotent: Distinguished, well known         
 Labor pain: Hurt at work         
 Morbid: Higher offer         
 Nitrate: Cheeper than day         
 Node: Was aware of         
 Outpatient: Person fainted         
 Post op: Letter Carrier         
 Recovery Room: Place to apholster         
 Rectum: Dang near Killed Him         
 Rheumatic: Amorous         
 Secretion: Hiding something         
 Tablet: Small table         
 Terminal Illness: Sick at Airport         
 Tibia: Country in North Africa         
 Tumor: More than One         
 Urine: Opposite of 'you're out'         
 Varicose: Nearby         
 Vein: Conceited  1) You've ever had to lug a paint can to the top of a water tower to defend your sister's honor. 
 2) Your wife's hairdo has ever been destroyed by a ceiling fan. 
 3) You go to your family reunion to pick up women. 
 4) Your richest relative buys a new house --  and you have to help him take the wheels off it. 
  5) You think a six-pack and a bug zapper is quality entertainment. 
 6) Your family tree does not fork. 
 7) You've ever been too drunk to fish. 
 8) You've lost more than two teeth opening beer bottles. 
 9) You helped your cousin move his refrigerator -- and the grass underneath it has turned yellow. 
 10) You owe the taxidermist more than your annual income.   
Well, says Bubba, every night before I climb into bed with a girl, I whack my penis on the bedpost three times. It works, and it sure impresses the girls!  
The husband was excited at this easy suggestion and decided to try it that very night. So before climbing into bed with his wife, he took out his penis and whacked it three times on the bedpost. His wife, half-asleep, said, Bubba? Is that you?   
A: Salad bowls   
Three. One to hold the bulb, and two to turn the ladder.   
First name (check appropriate box):
  [_] Billy-Bob
 [_] Bobby-Sue
 [_] Billy-Joe
 [_] Bobby-Jo
 [_] Billy-Ray
 [_] Bobby-Ann
 [_] Billy-Sue
 [_] Bobby-Lee
 [_] Billy-Mae
 [_] Bobby-Ellen
 [_] Billy-Jack
 [_] Bobby-Beth-AnnAge: ____ (if unsure, guess)
Sex: ____ M _____ F _____ Not sure 
Shoe Size: ____ Left ____ Right 
Occupation: [_] Farmer
 [_] Mechanic
 [_] Hair Dresser
 [_] Waitress
 [_] Unemployed
 [_] Dirty PoliticianSpouse's Name:  __________________________
 2nd Spouse's Name: _________________________
 3rd Spouse's Name: _________________________
 Lover's Name: ____________________________
 2nd Lover's Name: __________________________
Relationship with spouse: [_] Sister[_] Aunt
 [_] Brother
 [_] Uncle
 [_] Mother  
 [_] Son
 [_] Father
 [_] Daughter
 [_] Cousin
 [_] PetNumber of children living in household: ___
 Number of children living in shed: ___
 Number of children that are yours: ___
Mother's Name: _______________________
 Father's Name: _______________________ 
 (If not sure, leave blank)
  
Education: 1  2  3  4 (Circle highest grade completed) 
Do you [_] own or [_] rent your mobile home? 
Vehicles you own and where you keep them: ___ Total number of vehicles you own
 ___ Number of vehicles that still crank
 ___ Number of vehicles in front yard
 ___ Number of vehicles in back yard
 ___ Number of vehicles on cement blocks
Firearms you own and where you keep them: ____ truck
 ____ kitchen
 ____ bedroom
 ____ bathroom
 ____ shed
Model of your pickup: _____________ 
 Year pickup produced: 194____ 
Do you have a gun rack?
  [_] Yes [_] No; If no, please explain:_________________________Newspapers/magazines you subscribe to:
 [_] The National Enquirer
 [_] The Globe
 [_] MAXIM
 [_] TV Guide
 [_] Soap World
 [_] Rifle and Shotgun
___ Number of times you've seen a UFO
 ___ Number of times you've seen Elvis
 ___ Number of times you've seen Elvis in a UFO 
How often do you bathe:
  [_] Weekly
 [_] Monthly
 [_] Not ApplicableHow many teeth? ___
 Color of teeth:
 [_] Yellow
 [_] Brownish-Yellow
 [_] Brown
 [_] Black
 [_] N/A
Brand of chewing tobacco you prefer:
  [_] Red-Man
 How far is your home from a paved road?
 [_] 1 mile
 [_] 2 miles
 [_] don't know  
What are you doing? asked the farmer, horrified. 
Well, I wasn't gonna use the side that YOU had put your lips on.   
When they had the competition, there were two finalists: a man from a place called Fife, whose name was Mr. Hicks; and a man that was from Sweden, whose name is Sven.   
So they had the final; the Mayor fired the starting pistol and they started eating the tench.  No sooner had Mr. Hicks bitten the fish than one of his teeth fell out.  He couldn''t eat because of this so he stopped, but the Mayor refused to stop the competition.  So Sven kept on eating and ended up eating nine of these tench fish. 
 The next day the headlines read:  ONE TOOTH FREE FOR FIFE HICKS, SVEN ATE NINE TENCH!   
No, the farmer said. 
The second beau came to the door and said,  ''I'm Joe, I'm here to pick up Flo to take her to the show.  Is she ready to go?''   
No. 
The third beau came to the door and said to the farmer. ''Hello, my name is Chuck.''     
The farmer shot Chuck.  
 Before we put you to death, said the enemy, do you have any last requests?
 Yes, said the Alabaman. Could you play 'Yeah, Alabama' before you shoot me?
 Sure, said the enemy. How about you, Tennessean?
 Could you shoot me before you play 'Yeah, Alabama?'   
He stepped on the gas but at 50 miles per hour. The chicken was still keeping up. After about a mile of running the chicken ran up a farm lane and into a barn behind an old farm house.  
The salesman had some time to kill so he turned around and drove up the farm lane.  He knocked at the door and when the farmer answered he told him what he had just seen.  
The farmer said that he was a geneticist and had developed this breed of chicken because he, his wife and his son each like a drumstick when they have chicken and this way they only have to kill one chicken. 
That''s the most fantastic thing I've ever heard, said the salesman. How do they taste? 
I don't know, said the farmer. We've never caught one.   
No! said his wife. Don't kill those pigs! 
I'm not going to kill them. I'm moving the pen closer to the house.    
    Dear Son, 
    I'm writing this slow 'cause I know youcan't read fast.  We don't live where we did when you left.  Your dad read inthe paper that most accidents happen within twenty miles of home, so we moved. Won't beable to send you the address as the last Arkansas family that lived here took the numberswith them for their house, so they wouldn't have to change their address. 
    This place has a washing machine. The first day I put four shirts in it, pulled the chain and haven't seen 'em since. 
    It only rained twice this week, threedays the first time and four days the second time. 
    The coat you wanted me to send to you,Aunt Sue said it would be a little too heavy to send in the mail with them heavy buttons,so we cut them off and put them in the pockets. 
    We got a bill from the funeral home, andit said if we didn't make the final payment on Grandma's funderal bill, up she comes. 
    About your sister, she had a baby thismorning.  I haven't found out whether if it is a boy or a girl so don't know if youare an Aunt or Uncle. 
    Your Uncle John fell in the whiskeyvat.  Some men tried to get him out, but he fought them off playfully, so hedrowned.  We cremated him and he burned for three days. 
    Three of your friends went off thebridge in a pickup.  One was driving and the other two were in the back.  Thedriver got out.  He rolled down the window and swam to safery.  The other 2drowned.  They couldn't get the tail gate down. 
    Not much more news this time. Nothing much happened.  If you don't get this letter, please let me know and I willsend another one. 
Love, Ma   
The rules of the contest required each finalist to compose a four-line poem  in one minute or less, and the poem had to contain the word ?Timbuktu.?  
The San Francisco State graduate went first. About thirty seconds  after the clock started he jumped up and recited the following poem:    
 
 ?'Slowly across the desert sand
                 Trekked the dusty caravan.                
 Men on camels, two by two                
 Destination -- Timbuktu.?   
The audience went wild! How, they wondered if the redneck could top that?!    The clock started again and the redneck sat in silent thought.  Finally, in the last few seconds, he jumped and recited:                  
 
 ?Tim and me, a-huntin' went.                
 Met three whores in a pop-up tent.                
 They was three, we was two,                
 So I bucked one and Timbuktu?  reads: Cow For Sale -- $5,000. 
He pulls in and says to the farmer, There's no cow in the world worth$5,000. 
The farmer says, Oh, yeah? Take a look at this. He lifts the cow's tail and Harry sees that the cow has a snatchjust like a woman. 
Harry gets back in the car, turns to his wife and says, It's justnot fair. Here's this farmer with a cow that has a snatch like a womanand it's worth $5,000, and here I am, with you, with a snatch like acow, and you're not worth sh*t.   
At the roadside there also stands a young woman. She is absolutely beautiful -- slim,  shapely, fair complexion, golden hair... heart stopping.  The driver stops and stares, and his attention is only distracted from the lovely girl when the red thing opens the car door and drags him from his seat onto the road with a fist resembling a whole raw ham.   
''''Right, you Jimmy,'''' he shouts, ''''Ah want you to masturbate!''''   
''''But......'''' stammers the driver.   
''''Du it now - or I''ll bluddy kill yu!''''   
So the driver turns his back on the girl, drops his trousers and starts to masturbate.  Thinking of the girl on the roadside, this doesn''t take him long.   
''''Right!'''' snarls the Highlander ''''Du it agin, now!''''   
So the driver does it again.  ''''Right laddie, du it agin!'''' demands the Highlander.   
This goes on for nearly two hours. The hapless driver gets cramps in both arms, he  has rubbed himself raw, is violently aching, his sight is failing and despite the cold wind, he has collapsed in a sweating, jibbering heap on the ground, unable to stand. 
''''Du it again!'''' says the Highlander.  
''''I can''t do it any more - you''ll just have to kill me!'''' whimpers the man.   
The Highlander looks down at the pathetic soul slumped on the roadside and says, ''''All right laddie. NOW, can you give ma daughter a lift to Inverness?''''   
Snow White's cherry.   
You see, there are the originals, said the first monk. All the new scrolls were copied from these. 
Can I see one?  
Sure. This is one outlines the rules for monkdom-- All of a sudden, the monk's face turns white and he falls to his knees. 
What? What does it say? 
Celebrate. IT SAYS CELEBRATE!   
A: Because he wanted mashed potatoes.   
After a while, her husband comes home drunk. He lays in bed and falls fast asleep. He starts to snore loudly so the woman gets a blue ribbon and ties it around his balls. The next morning the woman gets up and goes to work. The man wakes up and sees the blue ribbon on his balls. Then he looks down at the dog and sees the red ribbon around his balls. The guy says to the dog, ''I don't know what we did lasst night, but we got first and second place!'''   
?Well,? said one, ?the fillin' station ain't open 'till  tomorrie, but I reckon you kin stay the night with me &amp; Billy-Bob here.?    
She accepted, only to be told that there was only   one bed, which both Billy-Bob &amp; Billy-Ray slept   in. Thinking it might be fun, she went ahead   anyway.  When all three of them were all tucked in, they were just   about to jump her bones when she halted   proceedings.  
Pulling out two condoms, she said, ?You  nice boys wouldn't want me to get pregnant, would you? Here, put these on.?   
They did.  The three of them proceeded to   have the time of their lives. In the morning the   car got gassed up and our girl went back to the   city.   
Three months later, Billy-Bob and Billy-Ray were   sitting on the stoop, chewin' on some RedMan.  
?D'ya   remember that city girl who stopped by here a   while back?? asked Billy-Ray.   
?Ah sure do,? said Billy-Bob, with a smirk.   
?D'ya really care if she gets pregnant??   
?Nah,? said Billy-Bob.   
?Well, lets get these STUPID things off of our   dicks!?  
 A: So that rednecks can have 'possum on the half-shell.   
His brother says ?Oh, that was on the radio -- that's old news.  
So Trevor rides back into town and he sees a bank beeing robbed, so he rides back home and says ?Herman, Herman there is bank being robbed and people are getting shot and killed!?  
His brother says, ?Oh that was on the radio -- that's old news.?  
So Trevor rides back into town and he sees a pig stuck in a fence and starts to thinkin'... Then he rides home and says, ?Herman Herman! I had my first sequal experince today!?  
His brother says, ?In a pig's ass,?  
And Trevor replies, ?Oh, you and your stupid radio.?   
Honey? What are you doing to those pigs? 
What do you mean? asked the farmer. 
One's honking the horn, and the others are rocking the back of the truck.   
The man say,s Alabama. The doctor tells him to go home, put a lit cherry bomb in an empty soda can, hold it in his hand, and count to 10.  The husband isn't so sure of this, so he goes to another doctor, this time in California.  
When that doctor finds out that the husband is from Alabama, he tells him the exact same thing that the doctor in Ohio told him. The husband figures that the doctors must be right.   
So he goes home, puts a lit cherry bomb in a soda can, and starts to count.  ''1...2...3...4...5...''  The husband takes the soda can and puts it between his legs to continue counting on his fingers on his right hand.  ''6...7...8...9...''   
Ten, she replied.  
What are their names? he asked. 
David, David, David, David, David, David, David, David, David and David, she answered.  
They're all named David? he asked What if you want them to come in from playing outside? 
Oh, that's easy, she said. I just call 'David,' and they all come running in.  
And, if you want them to come to the table for dinner?  
I just say, 'David, come eat your dinner', she answered.  
But what if you just want ONE of them to do something? he asked.  
Oh, that's easy, she said. I just use their last name!   The girl, who was reading a book, closed it slowly and said to the guy, What would you like to talk about?
 
 Oh, I don't know, said the guy. How about nuclear power?
 
  OK, she said. That could be an interesting topic. But let me ask you a question first. A horse, a cow and a deer all eat the same stuff... grass. Yet a deer excretes little pellets, while a cow turns out a flat patty, and a horse produces clumps of dried grass. Why do you suppose that is?
 
  The guy thought about it and said, Hmmm, I have no idea.
 
  To which the girl replied, Do you really feel qualified to discuss nuclear power when you don't know s**t?   
Bubba goes in first, and the professor advises him to take math, history and logic. 
What's logic? asked Bubba. 
The professor answered, Let me give you an example. Do you own a weed-whacker? 
I sure do, answered the redneck. 
Then I can assume, using logic, that you have a yard, replied the professor. 
That's real good, the redneck responded in awe. 
The professor continued, Logic will also tell me that since you have a yard, you also have a house. 
Impressed, the redneck shouted, AMAZING! 
And since you own a house, logic dictates that you have a wife. 
Betty Mae! This is incredible!  
Finally, since you have a wife, logically I can assume that you are heterosexual, said the professor. 
You're absolutely right! Why, that's the most fascinating thing I ever heard of! I can't wait to take this here logic class. 
Bubba, proud of the new world opening up to him, walked back into the hallway where Cooter waswaiting. 
So, what classes are ya takin? he asks. 
Math, history and logic, replies Bubba. 
Cooter asks, What's logic? 
Let me give you an example. Do ya own a weed-eater? 
No. 
You're gay, ain't ya?   
A: Six-finger discount!  
 How can you   trust her to be here by herself all day, while you go out and work the fields?
 I trust my wife, the farmer said. She's never been unfaithful.   
 I'll make you a little bet.  If I take your wife upstairs, she'll be unfaithful.  If not, you can have my plane.    But, if she is, I get your fiddle.
 It's a deal.   So, the pilot and the farmer's wife go upstairs.  About a half hour passes, and the farmer picks up the fiddle and starts playing it.   
 Be true to me, Be true to me, Be true for just one hour.  Be true to me, Be true to me,  And his   airplane will be ours.  Another fifteen minutes pass, and suddenly he sees his wife coming down the stairs.  He asks her if she stayed true to him.  She walked over, picked up the fiddle, started playing it.
 He kissed me on the lips, He kissed me on the tits, He kissed me in the middle. He kissed a spot that you forgot, and you lost your fucking fiddle.   
You'd be red too if somebody picked up your hose   and dragged it across the street!   
Herman says, ''I know, but there isn't just one, there are hundreds!''   
It depends on how many brothers she has.   
The salesman asks him for a place to sleep in the night.  The farmer tells that he has only one room with a bed and on that he and his wife (who turns out be gorgeous) sleep.  So the salesman sleeps on the bed with the farmer and his lovely wife.     
In the middle of the night the farmer's wife gets horny and asks the salesman to come over to her side and f**k her!  The salesman points towards the snoring farmer and whispers, ''He'll wake up!''  
The farmer's wife replies, ''He's a sound sleeper.  If you don't trust me pull a hair out of his ass and you will see that he won't wake up!''    
The salesman tries and the farmer does not wake up.  The salesman and the farmer's wife get into a f**king session.  They repeat the act several more times that night and the salesman plucks a hair out of the farmer's ass everytime he goes to f**k the wife.  
Finally the farmer wakes up and says, ''Hey, I don't mind you f**king my wife, but can you stop using my ass a scoreboard!?!''   
A: It's for people who can't afford a house salad.  
The man is visibly upset and storms off to his family's home. He tells them what happened and his dad says, If she isn't good enough for her own family, she sure as hell isn't good enough for you!   
A: Pump kin.   
After he'd finished his pitch at the next farmhouse, he mentioned what he'd just seen.  
''Oh, those folks ain't crazy,'' the farmer said,   ''They're both deaf mutes. She was telling him to mow the lawn, and he was telling her to go f**k herself because he was going fishing.''   
One of his first assignments at Harvard was to write a paper on a famous person. He didn't know who he would write about so he decided to go to the library and do some research. But he didn't know where the library was. He saw a professor walking down the hall. He stopped the professor and said to him, Do you know where the library is at? 
The professor looks at him strangely and says, Young man, here at Harvard we never end a sentence in a preposistion. 
The young man says, Oh, excuse me. Do you know where the library is at, asshole?   
A: Because the sound of zippers scare the sheep away.   
The salesman bangs on the farmhouse door.
 The next morning, the farmer''s daughter wakes up to find her father in bed with the salesman.  She shoots them both and takes off in the salesman''s car. 
She assumes the salesman''s identity and meets all of his quotas.   
Getting down and dirty with my hoes    
She let him sleep in the laundry room.  He found himself a comfortable pile of old wool sweaters.  After puffing his pillow he realized that a pair of pants were hanging down from a clothes line over top of his new bed.  Seeing that it was no big deal he pulled them down.  Instantly the old lady darted into the room and said, ''YOU BROKE MY FIRST RULE!''     
He was sent outside to sleep in the donkey's stable.  Right beside him was a tiny donkey kicking him so much that he slapped it.  In a flash grandma was there: ''You broke the second rule. Watch out.''     
He was sent onto the porch to sleep.  All of a sudden a big, ugly cat came along and started rubbing all over him.  Being allergic to cat hair, he shaved it bald.  Here came the grandma.  ''You broke the third rule,'' she starts, ''I'm calling the cops.''     
The cops came and requested a description of what happened.  The old lady said, ''That man is a damned rapist.   He pulled down my pants, slapped my ass and shaved my pussy!''   
The old farmer said, That's my pet rooster Chucky, wherever I go, Chucky goes.  
I'm sorry sir., said the ticket agent, We don't allow animals in the theater.  
The old farmer went around the corner and stuffed the bird down his pants. He returned to the booth, bought a ticket and entered the theater. He sat down next to two old widows named Mildred and Marge.  
The movie started and the rooster began to squirm. The old farmer unzipped his pants so Chucky could stick his head out and watch the movie. 
 Marge, whispered Mildred.  
What, said Marge.  
I think this guy next to me is a pervert., said Mildred.  
What makes you think that, asked Marge.  
He unzipped his pants and he has his thing out, whispered Mildred.  
Well, don't worry about it, said Marge, At our age we've seen them all.  
I thought so, said Mildred, But this one is eating my popcorn!   
The Chinese man says, If I get another egg roll in my lunch, I'll kill myself. 
The Italian guy says, If I get another slice of pizza, I'll kill myself. 
The redneck says, Iffin I get another ham hock, I'll kill myself. 
The next day, all three men get the same lunches, so they throw themselves in front of an oncoming train. At the funeral the Chinese man's wife says, If only I hadn't packed an egg roll that day. 
The Italian guy's wife says, If only I hadn't packed a slice of pizza that day. 
Don't look at me, says the redneck's wife. He done packed his own vittles.   
The other cow answers, Yeah, makes you glad you're a penguin, doesn't it?    
So he continues on his way and along the side of the road he sees another sign: Apples, $20.00 each.  So he gets out and asks the farmer why these apples are so expensive.  These are ham and cheese apples, the farmer says.  So the guy buys one.  The apple only tasted like ham, so he asked the farmer why and he said, Turn the apple over and you will taste the cheese.   
Then he is driving down the road again and he sees another sign: Apples, $50.00 each.  So he asks the farmer, What's up with these apples being so expensive?  The farmer tells him they are p***y apples.  So the guy buys one.  He takes a bite into the apple and says This apple tastes like s**t!  And the farmer says, Turn it over.   
A:  A Protractor   
Contestants are given pink car to drive from Dothan, to Birmingham, on to Decatur, and back to Dothan.  On each car is a bumper sticker that says, I'm gay, I'm a yankee, and I'm here to steal your guns!  First one back wins.   
A: The ba-ba shop  
 Wait, the driver yelled, what about my free sex?    The attendant rolled his eyes and came back to the car.
 Okay, but you will have to guess a   number between 1 and 10.    
 6.
 No, the answer was 3. Sorry.   As the attendant started to walk off, the   passenger asked to guess. The attendant agreed.
 7.  
 No, I told you the answer   was 3.  The driver then sped off.
 I think that game was   rigged, said the passenger. There is no way to win.'   
 Uh-uh, the driver said. My wife won   three times last week.    
Because he came out half-assed.   
So you're the new stud in   town?  I bet you really think you're hot stuff   don't you?  Well I'm not ready for the chopping   block yet.  I'll bet I'm still the better bird.    And to prove it, I challenge you to a race around   that hen house over there.  We'll run around it   ten times and whoever finishes first gets to have   all the hens for himself.  
   Well, the young rooster was a proud sort, and he   definitely thought he was more than a match for   the old guy.   
You're on, he said, and since   I'm so great, I'll even give you a head start of   half a lap.  I'll still win easy!    
So the two roosters go over to the henhouse to   start the race with all the hens gathering to   watch.  The race begins and all the hens start   cheering the old rooster on.  After the first lap,   the old rooster is still maintaining his lead.    
After the second lap, the old guy's lead has   slipped a little -- but he's still hanging in there.  Unfortunately, the old rooster's lead continues to   slip each time around, and by the fifth lap he's   just barely in front of the young fella.    By now the farmer has heard the commotion.  He   runs into the house, gets his shotgun and runs   into the barnyard figuring a fox or something is   after his chickens.  When he gets there, he sees   the two roosters running around the henhouse,   with the old rooster still slightly in the lead.    He immediately takes his shotgun, aims, fires, and   blows the young rooster away.     
Damn. That's the third gay rooster I've bought this month.   
A. They mark the sheep that kick!   
   Name: ________________  (_) Billy-Bob               (last)        (_) Billy-Joe                             (_) Billy-Ray                             (_) Billy-Sue                             (_) Billy-Mae                             (_) Billy-Jack                             (_) Billy-Jefferson                             (Check appropriate box)       
 Age: ____     Sex: ____ M _____ F _____ N/A      
Shoe Size: ____ Left ____ Right         
Occupation:     (_)Farmer     (_)Mechanic     (_)Hair Dresser     (_)Unemployed        
Spouse's Name: __________________________        
Relationship with spouse:     (_) Sister     (_) Brother     (_) Aunt     (_) Uncle     (_) Cousin     (_) Mother     (_) Father     (_) Son     (_) Daughter     (_) Pet        
Number of children living in household: ___       Number that are yours: ___        
Mother's Name: _______________________       Father's Name: _______________________ (If not   sure, leave blank)        
Education: 1 2 3 4 (Circle highest grade completed)        
Do you (_)own or (_)rent your mobile home?    (Check appropriate box)       
 ___ Total number of vehicles you own     ___ Number of vehicles that still crank     ___ Number of vehicles in front yard     ___ Number of vehicles in back yard     ___ Number of vehicles on cement blocks        
Firearms you own and where you keep them:     ____ truck     ____ bedroom     ____ bathroom     ____ kitchen     ____ shed        
Model and year of your pickup: ___________194_        
Newspapers/magazines you subscribe to:     (_)The National Enquirer     (_)The Globe     (_)TV Guide     (_)Soap Opera Digest        
___ Number of times you've seen a UFO     ___ Number of times you've seen Elvis     ___ Number of times you've seen Elvis in a UFO       
How often do you bathe:     (_)Weekly     (_)Monthly     (_)Not Applicable       Color of teeth:     (_)Yellow     (_)Brownish-Yellow     (_)Brown     (_)Black     (_)N/A        
Brand of chewing tobacco you prefer:     (_)Red-Man        
How far is your home from a paved road?     (_)1 mile     (_)2 miles     (_)don't know   
''Now, do you understand?'' he asked. 
''I just have one question. How many times a week do I have to bring her in for this?''   
It was right down there by that tree. I remember the day plainly. It was a warm summer day. She and I were so much in love. We walked down to the tree and made love for hours, Clem recalled. 
That sounds wonderful, said Jed. 
Yes. It was okay until I looked up and noticed her mother was standing right there watching us. 
Oh my God! What did her mother say when she saw you making love to her daughter? 
Baaaaa...   
His friend asked him why he was looking depressed and he replied, Some things you just can't explain.  This morning I was outside milking.  As soon as the bucket was fill the cow kicked it down with his left foot so I tied up his left to a pole.  
I began to fill up the bucket again and he kicked it down with his right foot, so I tied his right to a pole too. 
 As soon as I finished milkin'' him again he knocked down the bucket with his with his tail and I took off my belt and tied up his tail with my belt. 
As I was tying up his tail, my pants dropped down, then my wife came out and well,  trust me, some things you just can't explain!   
A pimp!   
He inserted his penis into the equipment, turned the switch on, and voila, everything else was automatic! He really had a good time as the equipment provided him with as much pleasure as his wife did. However, when the fun was over, he found that he could not take the instrument off. He read the manual, but did not find any useful information. 
He tried every button on the instrument - some made the equipment squeeze, shake, or suck harder or less - but still he had no success getting out of it. Panicking, he just barely reached the phone and called the supplier's customer service hotline. 
The farmer: Hello, I just bought a milking machine from your company. It worked fantastic. But how can I take it off from the cow's udder? 
Customer Service: Don't worry. The machine was programmed to releaseautomatically after collecting about 2 gallons of milk.  It has come to our attention that a few copies of the Georgia edition of Windows 98 may have accidentally been shipped outside Georgia. If you have one of the Georgia editions you may need some help understanding thecommands. 
The Georgia edition may be recognized by looking at the opening screen. 
 
    It reads WINDERS 98 with abackground picture of the General Lee super imposed on a Confederate flag. It is shippedwith a Daisy Duke screen saver. 
Also note:   
Recycle Bin is labeled Outhouse
   My Computer is called This Infernal Contraption
   Dialup Networking is called Good Ol' Boys
   Control Panel is known as the Dern Dashboard
   Hard Drive is referred to as 4 wheel drive
   Floppies are them little ole plastic disc thangs. 
Other features: 
    Instead of an error message you geta winder covered with a garbage bag and duct tape.   
OK = ats aww-right
   cancel = hail no
   reset = awa shoot
   yes = shore
   no = Naaaa
   find = hunt-fer it
   go to = over yonder
   back = back yonder
   help = hep me out here
   stop = ternit off
   start = crank it up
   settings = sittins
   programs = stuff that does stuff
   documents = stuff I done done 
    Also note that winders 98 does notrecognize capital letters or punctuation marks. 
    Some programs that are exclusive towinders 98:   
tiperiter................A word processor
   colering book............a graphics program
   addin mershene...........calculator
   scratch paper ...........notepad
   jupe-box ................CD Player
   inner-net................Microsoft Explorer
   pichers..................A graphics viewer
   IRS......................M/S accounting software
   IRS2.....................M/S accounting software with hidden files
   coon dog.................American kennel club records
   fishin...................Bass Anglers Sportsman Society records.
   NRA......................National Rifle Association
   shot gun ................Remington Arms price list
   riffel...................Winchester price list
   pisstel..................Smith &amp; Wesson price list
   truck....................Ford &amp; Chevrolet dealers in GA. by zip code
   house....................Nearest Mobil home repair service by zip code
   car .....................same as truck, just need two lists in Texas
   cuzzins..................family history usually a 3 meg file
   tax records..............usually an empty file
   shells...................ammunition inventory, another 3 meg file
   bud......................list of Budwiser dealers by zip code
   racin....................NASCAR racing schedule includes list of TV stations that carry  the race car n' truck
   Parts.......nearest Junk yard by zip code
   doc .....................veterinarians by zip code 
    We regret any inconvenience it mayhave caused if you received a copy of the Georgia edition. You may return it to Microsoftfor a replacement version.   
I can't seem to find the problem, but I think it has something to do with alcohol.  
Well, said the redneck, then I'll come back when you're sober.'  
 
 The old farmer got off his tractor and went to investigate. Soon he dug a hole and buried the politicians. A few days later, the local sheriff came out, saw the crashed bus and asked the old farmer where all the politicians had gone. 
 
 The old farmer told him he had buried them. 
 
 The sheriff asked the old farmer, Lordy, were they ALL dead? 
 
 The old farmer said, Well, some of them said they weren''t, but you know how them crooked politicians lie.   
A homesick abortion!   
1.   Your idea of a traffic jam is ten cars waiting to pass a tractor on the highway. 
2.   Vacation means going to the family reunion. 
3.   You've seen all the biggest bands ten years after they were popular. 
4.   You measure distance in minutes. 
5.   You know several people who have hit a deer. 
6.   Your school classes were canceled because of cold. 
7.   Your school classes were canceled because of heat. 
8.   You've ever had to switch from heat to A/C in the same day. 
9.   You think ethanol makes your truck run a lot better. 
10. Stores don't have bags; they have sacks. 
11. You see people wearing bib overalls at funerals. 
12. You see a car running in the parking lot at the store with no one in it, no matter what time of the year. 
13. You use fix as a verb. Example: I am fixing to go to the store. 
14. All the festivals across the state are named after a fruit, vegetable, grain, or animal. 
15. You install security lights on your house and garage and leave both unlocked. 
16. You think of the major four food groups as beef, pork, beer, and Jell-O salad with marshmallows. 
17. You carry jumper cables in your car. 
18. You know what cow tipping and snipe hunting are. 
19. You only own four spices: salt, pepper, ketchup, and Tabasco. 
20. You think everyone from a bigger city has an accent. 
21. You think sexy lingerie is a tee shirt and boxer shorts. 
22. The local paper covers national and international news on one page but requires 6 pages for sports. 
23. You think that deer season is a national holiday. 
24. You find 90 degrees F a little warm. 
25. You know all 4 seasons: Almost summer, summer, Still summer, and Christmas. 
26. You know if another Louisianan is from southern, middle, or northern Louisiana as soon as they open their mouth. 
27. There is a Dairy Queen in every town with a population of 1000 or more. 
28. You describe the first cool snap (below 70 degrees) as good gumbo weather.  No ideer (no eye deer with southern twang - in case you didn't catch that)       
What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs?
 Still no ideer.       
What do you call a deer with no eyes, legs and no balls?      
 Still no fuckin' ideer!   
This farmer also had two ducks.  These ducks were retarded.  They were only two ducks on the farm that weren't normal.  He told his sons that whoever could get the most money for the duck would go to college.   
The sons   went out in attempt to collect as much money as   they could.    The first son was walking down the street when he passed a man working in the yard.  The man asked him if the duck was for sale, for the man loved the taste of ducks.  He offered the son 10 dollars for his duck.  The son decided this was very good, so he took it.  He decided his brother wouldn't be able to get close to his success. 
The second son was walking and passed a whorehouse.  He went in and said that he didn't have any money, but he would give them the duck.  One girl said fine. After they f**ked, she decided that she didn't want the duck anymore.  The son said he would take the duck back if they f**ked again.  She agreed.  After they f**ked the second time, the son left.   
He was walking home, thinking about what to do with the duck when it broke the leash.  The duck ran out into the street and was hit by a car.  The lady that hit it jumped from her car and started apologizing profusely.  The son insisted it was ok, but the lady said she would pay for the duck.  She was in a hurry, so she gave him 25 dollars and sped off.    
When the sons got home, the farmer asked the first son what he got.  He proudly displayed the 10 dollars.  The farmer was impressed.  He asked the second son the same thing.   
That's nothing.  I got a f**k for a duck, a duck for a f**k, and 25 dollars for a f**ked up duck.   
Incensed, his father pounds his fist on the table.  
There's no way you'll marry that girl! If she aint' good enough for her own family, she ain't good enough for ours.   
 She came home with a red snapper.   
A family reunion.   
I have some good news and some bad news, said the doctor. The good news is the red ring is lipstick and the bad news is the brown ring is Skoal.  
 Son, we don't have a cow. We have a bull.   
A redneck bar on Friday night   
You know what? Junior's 21. It's time we taught him about sex. Junior, get out here!.  Junior   runs out. 'Junior, I think it's time to teach you   about sex. 
Sex, says Junior. What's sex?    
Well, Pa says. Take off your clothes, Ma.    
So Ma takes off her clothes. You see   that hole in Ma? Watch this.  
Pa starts doing it right there on the porch.  A little while   goes by and Junior's younger brother, Bubba comes out on the porch and asks what's going on.   
Ma and Pa are teaching me about sex. 
Sex? What's sex? 
See that hole in Pa? Watch this!   
Red said, To grandma's.  
Her mother said, Okay, but watch out for the Big Bad Wolf. He'll pull up your little red dress, pull down your little red panties and freak your little red socks off.  
Lil' Red replied, Don't worry, I've got a gun. 
So about a mile down the road, Lil' Red met the Three Little Pigs. They asked where she was going and she said, Grandma's house.  
The Pigs warned, Watch out for the Big Bad Wolf. He'll pull up your little red dress, pull down your little red panties and freak your little red socks off!  
She told them,  Don't worry, I've got a gun. 
About two more miles down the road, the Big Bad Wolf leapt out of the forest and grabbed Lil' Red. He shouted Ha! I finally caught you!  
And she cried, Don't tell me you're gonna pull up my little red dress, pull down my little red panties and freak my little red socks off.  
Yes I am, said the Wolf, drooling.  
No, you ain't, said Little Red.  
What do you mean, said the Wolf, taken aback. 
Lil' Red pulled up her little red dress, pulled down her little red panties, pulled out her big silver gun and said, Nope, you're gonna eat me like it says in the book.   
He said, You gotta sprinkle a little gunpowder on your oatmeal, see. If you do, you'll live to a nice ripe old age.  
So the cowboy did this religiously every day, and sure enough, lived to the nice ripe old age of 96.  
When he died he left behind 4 children, 8 grandchildren, 15 great-grandchildren  
...and a 16 foot hole in the wall of the crematorium.   
One of the the guys looked at the other and said,   ''I wish that I could do that.''    
 The other one then said,  'Don't be stupid, man - that dog would bite you!''   
Their last big hit was The Wall.   
you go Christmas shopping for your mom, sister, and girlfriend and only come back with one gift.     
Little Red Riding Hood said, ''Grandma, what big eyes you have!''    
Grandma: ''The better to see you with, my dear.''   
Little Red Riding Hood: ''Grandma, what big ears you have!''     
Grandma: The better to hear you with, my dear.''     
Little Red Riding Hood: ''Grandma, what a big mouth you have!''     
Grandma: ''Of course I do, have you seen Grandpa's d**k?!?''  
 He made up a sign and posted it in the field. The next night, the kids showed up and they saw the sign which read, Warning! One of the watermelons in this field has been injected with cyanide. 
 The kids ran off, made up their own sign and posted it next to the farmer's sign. When the farmer returned, he surveyed the field. He noticed that no watermelons were missing, but the sign next to his read, Now there are two! 
    
He found out it was a 'rough toad to hoe.'    
They've both been fingered by their brothers.   
All the patrons gawked as the cowboy kissed his horse on the butt before coming in and asking for a drink.   
The bartender serves him and asks, Mind if I ask why'd ya kiss your horse on the butt? 
The cowboy says, It's 'cause I got chapped lips. 
The bartender asks, Does manure help them heal? 
Cowboy replies, No, but it keeps me from licking them.   
So the second hunter says that he's going to get a doe.  And he does.  They ask him how he did it, and he says, I see tracks. I follow tracks. I get doe. 
So the third hunter says, I'm just gonna shoot at anything I see. 
So he goes out and comes back half a day later all beaten, bruised, bloody, and totally trashed. The other two hunters ask him what happened and he says, I see tracks. I follow tracks. I get hit by train!   
A reporter strolling by sees the incident, and rushes over to interview the boy.  
Young Giants Fan Saves Friend From Vicious Animal, he writes in his notebook.  
But I'm not a Giants fan, the little hero replies. 
Sorry, since we are in New York, I just assumed you were, says the reporter. 
Little Jets Fan Rescues Friend From Horrific Attack, he writes in his notebook.  
I'm not a Jets fan either, the boy says.  
I assumed everyone in New York was either for the Giants or Jets. What team do you root for? the reporter asks.  
I'm a Cowboys fan, the child says.  
The reporter starts a new sheet in his notebook and writes,  Little Redneck Maniac Kills Beloved Family Pet.   
 2. You wear specific hats to farm sales, livestock auctions, customer appreciation suppers, and vacations.
 3. You have ever had to wash off in the backyard with a garden hose before your wife would let you in the house.
 4. You've never thrown away a 5-gallon bucket.
 5. You can remember the fertilizer rate, seed population, herbicide rate and yields on a farm you rented 10 years ago, but cannot recall your wife's birthday.
 6. You have used a velvet leaf plant as toilet paper.
 7. You have driven off the road while examining your neighbors crops.
 8. You have borrowed gravel from the county road to fill potholes in your driveway.
 9. You have buried a dog and cried like a baby.
 10. You've used the same knife to make bull calves steers and peel apples.  The farmer said, Pardon me, I ordered a glass of orange juice not a whole pitcher. The waitress simply said, Sir, this is Texas.  Every thing is bigger. So when the waitress brought the steak the farmer said, Excuse me, I ordered a steak not the whole cow! Again the waitress said, This is Texas every thing is bigger. After he finished he had to go to the bathroom so he asked the waitress were it was. She told him it was down the hall first door to the left. Just as he walked through the men's room door he fell into a deep pool and screamed, HELP, HELP!  DON'T FLUSH!   
''Oh yes please!? the man cries. You have a kind heart, sir,'' says the man with no arms.  
But as Bob goes ahead, unzips the man, and pulls his willy out, he encounters all kinds of mold, red bumps, moles, scabs, scars, and other unpleasant-looking things. The armless man asks Bob to kindly point it... then shake it, put it back and zip it.   So Bob, gathers his courage, shuts his eyes and does so.  
''Thank you very much, sir!'' says the armless man.  
''No problem,''  says Bob  ''but what the hell is wrong with your penis?''   
The guy pulls pulls his arms out of his shirt and says ''I don't know, but I ain't touching it!  
A: They start out doggy style, hold a breast in each hand, tell her that she feels just like an ex-girlfriend, then see if they can hold on for eight seconds.  classes. They are in the middle of a discussion related to words and their meanings. The teacher asks the President if he would like to lead the discussion of the word tragedy. 
So the illustrious leader asks the class for an example of a tragedy.One little boy stands up and offers: If my best friend who lives on a farm, is playing in the field and a runaway tractor comes along and knocks him dead, that would be a tragedy. 
No, says President Bush, that would be an accident. 
A little girl raises her hand: If a school bus carrying 50 childrendrove over a cliff, killing everyone inside, that would be a tragedy. 
 I'm afraid not, explains the exalted leader. That's what we wouldcall a great loss. 
The room goes silent. No other children volunteer. President Bushsearches the room. Isn't there someone here who can give me an example of a tragedy? 
Finally at the back of the room, little Johnny raises his hand. In aquiet voice he says: If Air Force One carrying you was struck by a missile and blown to smithereens, that would be a tragedy. 
Fantastic! exclaims President Bush, That's right. And can you tellme why that would be a tragedy? 
Well, says the boy, because it sure as hell wouldn't be a greatloss and it probably wouldn't be an accident either.   
A: He wanted to sleep in the ditch on the other side.   
The Egyptian man says, No, not worth it. 
The stranger says, How about 20? 
The Egyptian man says, No, not worth it. 
The stranger says, How about 10? 
The Egyptian man says, No, not worth it. 
The stranger says, Listen, these pills cost $10 each in the U.S. How can you say they're not worth it? 
The Egyptian man says, Oh, the pills are worth it -- my wife isn't.   
The guy says, No, ma'am. 
She says, Well, do you have any dates? 
He replies, Ma'am, if I don't have nuts, do you really expect me to have dates?   
The groom broom says, How can that be? We haven't even swept together!   
His wife gets her coat on and says, I'm going to the doctor, too. If you're going to start using that rusty old thing again, I'm getting a tetanus shot.   
In the end, everybody did it!   
Pharmacist: Yes.  
 Woman: Can I get it over the counter?   
Pharmacist: If you give me two of them, you can.   A little down the road the woman says to the man, ''You want to kiss me don't you?''  The man says,''Yes, how did you know?''  She says, ''By the gleam in your eye.''  So they kissed and kept walking. 
 
      A little later the woman askes the man, ''You want to screw me don't you?''   The man says, ''How did you know? By the gleam in my eye?'' The woman says, ''No, by the tilt in your kilt.''   
And he said, Ho ho ho, guess I better go, gotta get toys to children, ya know.    
So she took off her pants and said, No no - please stay.  
And he replied, Ho ho ho, guess I better go, gotta get toys to children, ya know.    
So she took off everything else, and said, Ooh, please stay.  
And he said, Hey hey hey, guess I better stay, can't get up the chimney with my d**k this way!   
Why? 
As soon as gets to a party, he rids it of all the spirits.  A. When a person likes you they spit and when a person loves you they swallow.   
A: Even the guys' penises have sideburns.    
The man replies ''You're 30, right?'' She says ''No, I'm 47, but nice try.'' 
The next day, she goes to McDonald's. She orders her lunch and asks the young man at the counter, ''How old do you think I am?''  
The man replies, ''You're 37, right?''  
The lady says ''No, I'm 47, but good guess.''  
After lunch, she gets on the bus and she asks an 85-year-old man how old she is. He replies ''Lady, I can tell how old any woman is by sticking my hand down her panties.''  
So, quietly and quickly, she lets him do so. He thinks a moment and announces, ''You're 47!''  
The lady, astonished, asks, ''How did you know?''  
The old man replies ''I was standing right behind you at McDonald's.''  One day he told her, You have been with me through the bad times. When I got fired, you were there. When my business failed, you were there. When I got shot, you were there. When we lost the house, you were there. When my health started failing, you were there. You know what?
 What is it, dear? she asked. 
He responded, I think you bring me bad luck.   
He asked, Dear, am I hurting you?    
No, she replied. But why do you ask?     
You moved, he said.   
A: Dill dough.    
Yes, sighs the husband. She's my ex-wife. She took to drinking right after we divorced seven years ago, and I hear she hasn't been sober since. 
My God! says the wife. Who would think a person could go on celebrating that long?   
You know that fur coat you promised me? I bought it with the insurance money. You know the new car you promised me? I bought it with the insurance money.   
Then she whispers, You know that blow job I promised you? Well, here it comes.    
He replied, Hell, it's been so long since I had any, I didn't know they moved it.    
The female has two breasts and one vagina.   The male has one penis.   
A little boy in the front row jumped up and said that the teacher was wrong.   
My daddy has two penises.  He has a short one that he pees with and a long one that he brushes Mommy's teeth with!   
 But one day the chef ran out of meat and in his panicked state he ran out the door in the hope of finding a ride to town.  After noticing that there was no vehicles nearby he sadly started walking back to his restaurant.  Upon nearing the construction site he saw a sheep tied up on a pole nearby.    He was so happy that he untied the sheep and proceeded to his place.   
At lunchtime the construction workers walked in and ordered their favorite soup.   
During the meal, the guys started exclaiming in delite that the soup tasted extremely good today and asked what was the reason for that.  The chef was pleased and proceeded to tell them about his predicament.  Everyone stopped eating with a dazed look on their faces. 
  The chef asked, What's the matter boys, did I screw up the cooking?  
 No. replied the foreman of the construction team, you cooked up the screwing.   
''What's that?'' asked Jenny.   
''Well,'' said Johnny, ''if it was about 3 inches smaller, it would be the perfect penis.'''   
A: Because otherwise they'd stop coming!   
So the married couple walked in. The Pakistani man said to them, ''I have some special sandals I think you'd be interested in. They make you wild at sex like a great desert camel.''   
Well, the wife was really interested in buying the sandals after what the man had claimed, but her husband felt he really didn't need them, being the sex hero he was. The husband asked the man, ''How could sandals make you into a sex freak?''   
The Pakistani man replied, ''Why don't you try them on and see for yourself?''   
After much badgering from his wife, the husband  finally conceded to try them on. As soon as he slipped them onto his feet, he got this wild look in his eyes; something his wife hadn't seen in many years, her husband was full of raw sexual power.  
In a blink of an eye, the husband rushed the Pakistani man, threw him on a table and started tearing at the guy's pants. All the time the Pakistani man was screaming, ''YOU HAVE THEM ON THE WRONG FEET! YOU HAVE THEM ON THE WRONG FEET!''   
Who fell asleep in a canoe. 
He dreamt that Venus 
 Was strokin' his penis 
And woke with a handful of goo.    
Give her a shovel.   
A: It was pissed off.    
When they start to have sex, the wife says that she has something to confess. The husband says, I will love you no matter what it is, tell me. 
So the wife tells him that she is actually extremely flat chested. 
The husband says, I can deal with that. 
He takes off her shirt and shouts, Boy! you are small, but I love you nyway. 
The husband says, I have something to confess also. 
She says, No matter what I will still love you. 
He says, Okay.I am built like a baby down there. 
She says, I can deal with that. 
So he pulls down his pants and his wife passes out! He fans her and she finally gets up.  
She says, I thought you said you were built like a baby? 
He says, Yeah....7lbs, 21inches.   
The little girl replies, I want a Barbie and a G.I. Joe. 
Santa looks at the little girl for a moment and says, I thought Barbie comes with Ken. 
No, said the little girl.  She comes with G.I. Joe; she fakes it with Ken.    
The cop asks the boy how old he is and what he's doing.  The boy answers, I'm reading a book, and I'm 20.  
Then the cop asks what the girl's doing and how old she is. The boy replies, She's knitting, and she'll be 18 in about five minutes.   
 Who's there?
 Blow!
 Blow who?
 Blow me, of course!   
The other boy said, My mom said that if I were to ever see a naked woman I would turn to stone.  Then I felt something get very hard so I ran.   
Her husband yells back, Should I pack for the beach or for the mountains?  
His wife replies, I don't care! Just get the hell out.    
A:  A cockpit   
Californians don't screw in light bulbs they screw in hot tubs.   
Wife: Sure. You stand by the ironing board, and I'll sit on the couch while drinking beer and farting.    
Of course not, where did you hear such nonsense? replied his mother. 
The young boy answered, The other day, Daddy was talking to someone on the phone, and he said that he screwed the tail off his secretary.   
The woman replied, ''Oh, sweetie, why?  Are you taking me with you?''     
The man replied, ''No, I'm turning the heat off.''  this child around in my stomach for nine months and I had to go through a painful birthprocess, this is my child and apart of me. The jury is impressed and then turns to ask the man the same question. The man replies, OK, I take a coin and put it in the drink  machine and a drink comes out, now tell me who does the drink belong to me or the machine   
 The man at the next table was confused, so he went over there and told the couple that if they couldn't afford a meal for each of them, he would be happy to pay for it.  The old man shook his head and told him that there was no need because he and his wife had shared everything for the last 40 years.  
 The man went back to his seat and then he saw the old man eating while the old woman just sat there doing nothing. 
 He went over to them again and asked the old lady why she wasn't eating. 
  She said, Well, it's his turn to use the teeth.   
A: Their husbands have crystal balls.    
Well, says the bus driver, every night at 8 o'clock, she goes to the cemetery to pray. If you dress up as God, I'm sure you could convince her to have sex with you. 
The man decides to try it, and dresses up in his best God costume. At eight, he sees the nun and appears before her.  
Oh, God! she exclaims. Take me with you! The man tells the nun that she must first have sex with him to prove her loyalty. The nun says yes, but tells him she prefers anal sex. Before you know it, they're getting down to it, having nasty, grunty, loud sex. After it's over, the man pulls off his God disguise. 
Ha, ha! I'm the man from the bus! 
Ha, ha! says the nun, removing her costume. I'm the bus driver!  The third penis said, I hate my master; he puts me in a rubber suit and pushes me in and out of a dark cave till I puke.''    
A: They're both very rare.   
After a bit of waiting, they bagged a skunk and brought him back to the truck. The skunk was very scared and very cold, so the guy asks his girlfriend if she can keep the skunk between her legs to keep him warm. 
But what about the smell? asks his girlfriend. 
Oh, he'll get used to it, just like I did.   
A.  If we don't get some support here people are going to think were nuts.  
 1.  Put on a little too much cologne.   
2.  Before you leave home, fill your pockets with mints.  When your   date says something to you when she's really close, give her a   mint.  EX:  Girl - ''This movie sure is romantic.'' Guy - ''Here's a   mint, now what did you say?''     
When you go to pick her up:    
 1.  When you get to her door, don't knock or ring the doorbell,   just go on in. She's expecting you.   
2.  Call her parents by their first names.   
3.  If she asks you how she looks, and her parents are nearby, tell   her she looks sexy.   
4.  When introducing yourself to her parents, tell them that you   prefer to go by your gang name.   
5.  Always look nice when you meet the parents. wear a new Marlboro   jacket and be sure to tell them how many Marlboro bucks it took to   get it.  Parents smile upon a man that can save his Marlboro money.   
6.  Show respect.  Take your Fubu cap and matching coat off when   you enter the house.  Make sure you wear your cap and coat in the   summer too. If her parents ask why, tell them that you're ''keepin'   it real.''     
On the way to wherever:    
 1. Do NOT let her touch the radio or the air conditioner.  You are   the man, make sure she knows that.   
2.  If she makes up for lost time by putting on her lipstick in the   car, gently tap the brakes at the same time  the lipstick touches   her mouth.   
3.  Check out the girl in the other car while at the stoplight.   
4.  If you pick the girl up from home at 6:45, have someone call   you on the cell phone at 7:00 and talk to them till you get to your   destination, this way you won't have to worry about what to say to   her.   
5.  Drive ten miles BELOW the speed limit.   
6.  Develop a really bad Pee Wee Herman impression and talk to her   through it.     
When you arrive at your destination:    
 1.  If you go to the movies, flirt with the girl at the ticket   counter.   
2.  If you go to a restaurant, say you're really hungry. Let her   order first. Since you'll be eating heavy, she'll probably order a   big meal, too.  When she   finishes, order a small coke and a box of McDonaldland cookies.   
3.  If you get nervous, just pretend that she's one of your guy   friends.  At the end of the meal, say ''Boy, you ate everything but   the table.''  Say it with confidence.   
4. Be classy.  If you eat at McDonald's, leave a tip.     
On the way back to her house:  Take your cell phone and call another girl. Ask her to do   something with you in about an hour.   
She said watch, ''Mirror, mirror on the wall, make my boobs biggest of all.''   
Sure enough, they grew huge.  
The husband was amazed and said, Ooh, oooh, let me try! Mirror, mirror show me more, make my dick touch the floor.'' 
 His legs fell off.  The man immediately leans out his window and replies with BITCH! 
They each continue on their way, as the man rounds the next corner he crashes into a pig in the middle of the road.  
What's the matter with you? the husband said when the sailor climbed down. 'We weren't making love. 
Sorry, said the sailor, From up there it looked like you were. 
Every morning thereafter, the sailor scaled the same tree and yelled the same thing.  Finally the husband decided to climb the tree and see for himself. With great difficulty, he made his way to the top. 
The husband says to himself, By golly he's right! It DOES look like they're making love down there!   
How to add a bed, subtract your clothes, divide your legs, and multiply!   

 The hooker says, ''Are you done already?''
 The nympho says, ''Oh no!  You're not done already!?''
 The sorority sister says, ''Beige.  I think I'll paint the ceiling beige.''  
 
 Silver, she said.
 
 Why not gold?
 
 Because I want you to come second for once!   
 What's the problem, Eve? God asks her.  
Lord, she says, I know you've created me and have provided this beautiful garden and all of these wonderful animals, and that hilarious comedy snake, but I'm just not happy.  
Why is that, Eve? came the reply from above. 
Lord, I am lonely. And I'm sick to death of apples, she says. 
Well, Eve, in that case, I have a solution. I shall create a man for you, the good Lord tells her.  
What's a 'man', Lord? she inquires. 
 This man will be a flawed creature, with aggressivetendencies, an enormous ego and an inability to empathize or listen to you properly. All in all, he'll give you a hard time. But, he'll be bigger and faster and more muscular than you. He'll be really good at fighting and kicking a ball about and hunting fleet-footed ruminants, and not altogether bad in the sack. 
Sounds great, says Eve, with an ironically raised eyebrow. 
 Yeah, well. He's better than a poke in the eye with a burnt stick. But, you can have him on one condition. 
What's that, Lord? she asks. 
 You'll have to let him believe that I made him first.   
A. They don't; they always eat out.    
But invariably, the other voice  would bring him back to reality.  
But Dave, you're a  vet.    
That's something you're never going to talk about again. And you shouldn't touch it because it has teeth, she replied.  
 Many years went by, and the boy never touched any girl in between her legs because he was very scared.  
 One day, however, he met the love of his life, and they got married.  
On their wedding night, his wife asked him to touch her there. 
No, he said. It's got teeth. 
Silly goose! she said. She spread her legs wide for him to see. See? No teeth! 
Well, I'm not surprised, he replied.Not with gums like that.    
A: She was arrested for carrying 300 pounds of crack in her pants.   
The bad news is that the urine is from the Vice President.  
Al? How could you do this to me? What could be worse than this? 
The handwriting''s the first lady''s.  
 Because vibrators can't mow the lawn!   
His new bride said, ''No, that's fine with me. Just understand that there'll be sex here at 7 o'clock every night -- whether you're here or not.''   
His friend replies, Lucky you. Mine's still alive.   
A: His d**k was stuck in the chicken.    
Mayonnaise doesn't shoot down your throat at 40 miles per hour.     
 A prostitoad.  The next morning, Johnny awoke alone, but he figured the girl had gone to do her chores and he eagerly awaited her return. Instead the old man walked in, wiping the tears from his eyes. ?What's wrong?? asked Johnny. ?Oh, I've just come back from the cemetery -- we had my little girl's funeral this morning. But thank you so much for sitting up with her body last night.?   
A: Pissing in the bath is disgusting.   
The son thought about this and went along happy.    The same day the young lady approached her mother and told her about her problem.  Her morning breath was horrid.  Her mother reassured her and told her everyone had bad morning breath.  The young woman told her mother that this was not normal morning breath but easily the worst in the world.  The mother thinks about this and comes up with this bright idea.  She tells her daughter to get up earlier than everyone else and don't say a thing, go make breakfast and then brush her teeth while the others are eating.  The young woman thinks and then runs off to get ready for the wedding, happy.       
The couple is married and they are happy, him with his perpetual socks and her with her morning silences.  One morning about 5:30 am the young man wakes up to find one sock missing.  He starts rustling around in the bed looking for it, which of course wakes up his wife, who without thinking asks what's wrong.    With a look of shock on his face the young man says, ''OH MY GOD! You've swallowed my sock!''  
 A: So he can tell if he's coming or going.   
The man said, Okay. I wish my balls could touch the ground. 
So the crocodile bit his legs off.   
 So Happy got up and left.   
When they get up there, she says, ''I have to be honest with you -- I'm a hooker.'' The guy thinks about this for a short time and says it's okay. He agrees to pay her $25, and they start having sex. 
After they finish, the guy says, ''I have to be honest with you now. I'm a cab driver, and it'll cost you $25 for me to drive you back into town.''    
He gets to the whore house and says to the lady at the desk, Hi, I would like to get a room.  
 She responds, Sorry young man. The only room left is Room 88.  
 The kid, dripping with horniness, takes it despite his father's warning.  When he gets up there, there is a hole in the wall.  It says, Insert cock here for pleasure.  He walks over, sticks it in, and gets his c**k sucked for an hour and a half and explodes inside the mystery mouth hidden behind the wall.   
He gets home and tells his dad he had his d**k sucked by a real pro in Room 88.   
His dad turns deathly pale and cries, Uh, oh.  That was you?   
One, men will screw anything.   
The father then tells the son, ''Son, I will never understand your mom.  Last night when we were having ''fun'', I asked her for more tail and she told me to go fly a kite.''  
 What   the hell do you think you're doing?
 I'm a chiropractor, and   I'm just keeping in practice while I'm waiting in   line.
 Well, I'm a lawyer, but you don't see me screwing the guy in front of   me, do you?   
He's renaming it Microhard.   Sexual harassment.       
What is it when a woman talks dirty to a man?
 $3.99 a minute.   
When the first American caught a glimpse of him, he said, Coach, he's HUGE.  I'm scared.  
 The coach replied, You da MAN! Just go in there and tear him up!   
  The guy started the match quite confidently, but after about a minute, the Russian picked him up, slammed him into the famous pretzel, and sent him to the emergency room. 
 The same thing happened to the second wrestler, so the third guy was petrified. He told his coach he was backing out. 
 The coach said, C'mon, son.  You're our last chance! 
The kid started out pretty well, but when the Russian started to twist him into the pretzel, the coach covered his eyes.  When he opened them, he saw the referee holding the American's hand up in victory.   The coach, baffled, asked the kid how he did it.   
Well Coach, when that damn Russian picked me up and started twisting my body, it HURT! So when I saw two red things dangling there, I bit them... HARD!  You'd be surprised what you can do when you bite your own balls!  
 1.  I thought the apartment had not been used before.    
 2.  It did not have adequate heating.    
 3.  It was too large to properly furnish.     
A few days later the prostitute sent him another letter saying:    
 1.  You should have known the apartment had been rented previously.    
 2.  The apartment did have adequate heating.  You just didn't know how to turn it on.    
 3.  The apartment was the perfect size.  You just didn't have large enough furniture to fill it.   
A: The ten minutes of silence.    
A: Broke.    
 A: So their brains can breathe.    
Then he says, ?Pass the tea, you old bag.?   
Susie said, Your heart, 'cause you need it to love.  
Richie said, Your head, 'cause you need it to think.  
Little Johnny raised his hand and the teacher called on him reluctantly.  Little Johnny said,  Your feet. 
Confused, the teacher asked why.  
Johnny replied, When I walked past my mom's room last night, she had her feet in the air and was screaming, Oh God, I'm coming, I'm coming!   
On Saturday morning George was there at exactly 10:00.  He golfed right handed and won the round.  
Next Saturday rolls around, and George says that he will be there, but he may be 10 minutes late again.  He shows up right on time, golfs left handed, and wins the round.  This continues for the next few weeks, with Geoge always saying that he may be 10 minutes late, and then always winning the round golfing, either left or right handed.     
The other employees are getting tired of this, and decided to ask him what the deal was.  They said, ''George, every Saturday you say you may be ten minutes late.  You never are.  Then  you show up and golf with either right handed or left handed, and always win.  What is up with that?''     
George replies, ''Well, I am a very superstitious kind of guy.  Every Saturday when I wake up, I look over at my wife.  If she is sleeping on her left side, I golf left handed.  If she is sleeping on her right side, I golf right handed.''   
''Well,'' one of the employees questioned, ''What happens if she is laying on her back?''  George replies, ''Then I am 10 minutes late.''   
A: A belly button.   
After he takes his shirt off, he flexes his muscular arms and says, See that, baby? That's 1000 pounds of dynamite! She begins to drool. 
 The man drops his pants, strikes a bodybuilder's pose, and says, referring to his bulging thighs, See those, baby? That's 1000 pounds of dynamite! She is aching for action at this point.  
Finally, he drops his underpants, and after a quick glance, she grabs her purse and runs screaming to the front door.  
He catches her before she is able to leave and asks, Why are you in such a hurry to go?  
She replies, With 2000 pounds of dynamite and such a short fuse, I was afraid you were about to blow!   
A: A trip without the kids!  A: Men's asses.   
''I think I'll move to California, there's only 50 Catholics there, said the first man. 
I think I'll move to Washington, there's only 25 Catholics there.''  
I think I'll move to Idaho, there's only 10 Catholics there.'' Then one of the nuns turned around. 
Go to Hell, there are NO Catholics there.   
God said, This person will cook for you and wash your clothes. She will always agree with every decision you make. She will bear your children and never ask you to get up in the middle of the night to take care of them.  She will not nag you, and she will always be the first to admit she was wrong when you've had a disagreement. She will never have a headache, and she will freely give love and compassion whenever needed.  
Adam asked God, What will this woman cost?  
God replied, An arm and a leg.  
Adam said, What can I get for just a rib?  A: They go to town and blow a couple of bucks.    
F**k her.   
Boy: Dad, why do they do packs of one condom? 
  Dad: Those are for the high-schoolers for Friday nights.   
Boy: So, why do they make packs of three?  
 Dad: For the college guys for Friday, Saturday and  Sunday nights.  
 Boy: Then why do they make packs of 12?  
 Dad: Those are for married couples -- you know, January, February, March.   
A young woman comes up to him and boldly asks him if anything is worn beneath the kilt. 
No, lassie, he replies. Everything is in fine working order.    
What happened, my child? 
I was singing in the choir, Father, and I noticed that the girl in front of me had a wedgie. So I pulled it out, and she punched me in the eye. 
Okay. But how did you get the other black eye? 
Well, I thought I'd done something wrong. So I put her wedgie back.    
A: Nothing. They have never met.    
A fuckin' know-it-all!   
  All of a sudden, he feels a tap on his shoulder.  He turns around, and there's the bear.  The bear knocks the gun out of his hands, and Bill stands there shaking in his boots.  
 The bear yells at him, saying he's sick and tired of being shot at and gives Bill an ultimatum.  The bear tells him that he can either drop to his knees and blow him, or the bear will eat his face.  
 Bill immediately drops to his knees and obliges the bear. The bear walks away contented and Bill find his way back to the cabin.     
 The next morning, Bill takes an even bigger gun with him and goes to the same place he saw the bear before.  And sure enough, there was the bear strolling across the field again.  Bill gets all excited, gets the bear in his sites and shoots! He looks all around, but there is no bear.  All of a sudden he feels a tap on his shoulder again.  He turns around, and, surprise, there's the bear.  The bear looks at him, knocks the gun out of his hand, and says,''You know the routine.''  
 Bill drops to his knees and obliges the bear again.  When he's done, the bear walks  away smoking a cigarette and Bill stumbles back to his cabin.    
 Bill is all pissed off now.  He grabs the biggest gun he can find and heads to the same spot again.  And sure enough, there is the bear strolling across the field again.  He gets the bear in his sites, and says to himself, ''Now this bear's gonna  fuckin' get it!''  He pulls the trigger and, Ka-BOOM! He looks all over again, but no bear.  Then, just as before, he feels the same tap at his shoulder.  He turns around, there's the bear standing there with a big smirk on his face.  He looks down at Bill and says, ''You're not in this for the hunting are you?'''  So the Longhorn gets out of the truck, looks around, and then starts screwing the goat.   He gets finished, takes a step back, ands asks the Aggie, ?Hey, you want a piece of this??   
The Aggie says, ?Yeah, but do I have to stick my head in the fence??   
Grease her hips, and throw in a Twinkie.  
A: The guy who gave it to him.   
How do you know that? asks  his teacher.  
I heard him say it. He and Mom were in the bedroom and he said, 'I'll only eat that thing if you turn out the light.'   The woman replies, Listen you drunken bastard, that's a dog not a pig.The man then said, Take it easy, I was talking to the dog   
A: It got pissed off.   
They already have boyfriends.   
Q. Dress her up as an altar boy!   
So, the husband goes into the closet and the wife goes into the bathroom and they both get undressed.    The anticipation is driving the husband mad and as he takes off his clothes he gets an enormous erection. The wife turns off the lights and on the count of three they both rush into the bedroom towards each other. But since the room is dark the husband gets disoriented and runs by his wife ? right into the dresser. He hits the dresser so hard that he passes out from the pain.     
The next thing he remembers is coming to in a hosital bed, with a doctor looking down at him. His throbbing dick is still so painful that he moans to the doctor, ''Doc, doc, how bad is it?''   
''That's nothing, son. Wait till you see your wife! We still haven't gotten her off the doorknob.''   
He had a dick and a brain!   
She replies, I won it in a raffle at work. Go get my bath ready while I start dinner.  
The next day, the women arrives home from work wearing a diamond bracelet. Her husband asks, Where did you get the bracelet?  
She replies, I won it in a raffle at work. Go get my bath ready while I start dinner.  
The next day, her husband notices she arrives home from work wearing a mink coat. He says, I suppose you won that in a raffle at work? She replies, Yeah I did! How did you guess? Go get my bath ready while I start supper.  
Later after supper, she goes to take her bath and she notices there is only one inch of water in the tub. She yells to her husband, HEY! There's only an inch of water in the tub. He replies, I didn't want you to get your raffle ticket wet.   
I'm gonna to go hit the sack!   
 The Doberman says, ''I love liver and cheese.''  
 The collie replies, ''That's not good enough.''   
The bulldog says, ''I hate liver and cheese.''  
 She says, ''That's not creative.'' 
  Finally the Chihuahua says, ''Liver alone -- cheese mine.''   A GOOD girl goes to a party, goes home then goes to bed.   
     A BAD girl goes to a party, goes to bed then goes home.    He asked her if she minded replying to his questions and when she agreed, he asked her if she knew his company, Cheeseborough-Ponds. When she said no, he mentioned that among their many products was Vaseline and she certainly knew of that product.    When asked if she used it, she answered, ''Yes, we use it when we have sexual intercourse.''     
The interviewer was amazed. He said, ''I always ask that question because everyone uses our product and they always say they use it for the child's bicycle chain, or the gate hinge or some other purpose. But I know that most people really use it for sexual intercourse, they just don't like to say so. Since you've been so frank, could you tell me exactly how you use it?''     
''We put it on the doorknob to keep the kids out.''  1. Each player shall furnish his own equipment for play.
 2. Play must be permitted by the owner of the hole.
 3. Unlike outdoor golf, the object is to get the club in the hole and keep the balls out.
 4. For most effective play, the club should have a firm shaft.  Course owners are permitted to check shaft stiffness before play begins.
 5. Course owners reserve the right to restrict club length to avoid damage to the hole.
 6.  The object of the game is to take as many strokes as necessary until the course owner is  satisfied that play is completed.  Failure to do so may result in being denied permission to play the course again.
 7. It is considered bad form to begin playing the  hole immediately upon arrival at the course.  The  experienced player will normally take time to admire the entire course with special attention to well-formed bunkers.
 8. Players are cautioned not to mention other courses they have played, or are currently  playing, to the owner of the course being  played.  Angry course owners have been known to damage players' equipment for this reason.
 9. Players are encouraged to bring proper rain gear for their own protection.
 10. Players should ensure that the match has been properly scheduled, particularly when a new course is being played for the first time.  Previous players have been known to  become irate if they discover someone else playing on what they considered to be a private course.
 11. Players should not assume a course is in shape for play at all times.  Some players may be embarrassed if they find the course to be temporarily under repair.  Players are advised to be extremely tactful in this situation. More advanced players will find alternative means of play when this is the case.
 12.  The course owner is responsible for manicuring and pruning any bush around the hole to allow for improved viewing of alignment with, and approach to the hole.
 13. Players are advised to obtain the course owner's permission before attempting to play the back nine.
 14. Slow play is encouraged.  However, players should be prepared to proceed at a quicker pace, at least temporarily, at the course owner's request.
 15.  It is considered outstanding performance, time permitting, to play the same hole several times in one match.   
 
 I'm gonna go back to that field of carrots, says one.
 
 I'm gonna go back to those cute little rabbits, says the second.
 
 I'm going back to the lab, says the third. I'm dying for a cigarette.   
A: His hos.    
  A: The guy in the middle is a real dick.    
Hump her butt then wipe your wiener on her curtains!  
A: Because you get ate twice.   
His friend says, That was touching. I didn't know you had it in you. 
 He responds, Well, I guess it was the right thing to do -- after all, I was married to her for 40 years.   
A: Herpes lasts forever.  
My dearest darling John: 
    Who ever in the whole world would dream of getting a real Partridge in a Pear Tree?  How can I ever express my pleasure. Thank you a hundred times for thinking of me this way. 
My love always, Agnes 
December 15, 1972 
Dearest John: 
    Today the postman broughtyour very sweet gift.  Just imagine two turtle doves.  I'm just delighted atyour very thoughtful gift. They are just adorable. 
All my love, Agnes 
December 16, 1972 
Dear John: 
    Oh! Aren't you theextravagant one.  Now I must protest.  I don't deserve such generosity, threeFrench hens.  They are just darling but I  must insist, you've been too kind. 
All my love, Agnes 
December 17, 1972 
Dear John: 
    Today the postman deliveredfour calling birds.  Now really, they are beautiful,  but don't you think enoughis enough.  You are being too romantic. 
Affectionately, Agnes 
December 18, 1972 
Dearest John: 
    What a surprise. Today thepostman delivered five golden rings, one for every finger.  You're just impossible,but I love it. Frankly, all those birds squawking were beginning to get on my nerves. 
All my love, Agnes 
December 19, 1972 
Dear John: 
    When I opened the doortoday there were actually six geese laying on my front steps.  So you're back to thebirds again huh? These geese are huge.  Where will I ever keep them?  Theneighbors are complaining and I can't sleep through the racket.  Please stop. 
Cordially, Agnes 
December 20, 1972 
John: 
    What's with you and thosefreaking birds??  Seven swans a swimming.  What kind of damn joke is this?  There's bird poop all over the house and they never stop the racket.  I can'tsleep at night and I'm a nervous wreck.  It's not funny.  So stop those freakingbirds. 
Sincerely, Agnes 
December 21, 1972 
O.K. Buster: 
    I think I prefer the birds.  What the hell am I going to do with 8 maids a milking?  It's not enough withall those birds and 8 maids a milking, but they had to bring their damn cows.  Thereis manure all over the lawn and I can't move in my own house.  Just lay off me,smartass. 
Agnes 
December 22, 1972 
Hey Shithead: 
    What are you?  Somekind of sadist?  Now there's nine pipers playing.  And Christ do they play.  They've never stopped chasing those maids since they got here yesterday morning.  The cows are getting upset and they're stepping all over those screeching birds.What am I going to do?  The neighbors have started a petition to evict me. 
You'll get yours! Agnes 
December 23, 1972 
You rotten prick: 
    Now there's ten ladiesdancing.  I don't know why I call those sluts ladies. They've been balling thosepipers all night long. Now the cows can't sleep and they've got diarrhea.  My livingroom is a river of shit.  The Commissioner of Buildings has subpoenaed me to givecause why the building shouldn't be condemned. 
I'm calling the police on you! Agnes 
December 24, 1972 
Listen Fuckhead: 
    What's with those elevenlords a leaping on those maids and ladies? Some of those broads will never walk again.Those pipers ran through the maids and have been committing sodomy with the cows. Alltwenty-three of the birds are dead.  They've been trampled to death in the orgy.  I hope you're satisfied, you rotten vicious swine. 
Your sworn enemy, Agnes 
December 25, 1972 
Dear Sir: 
    This is to acknowledge yourlatest gift of twelve fiddlers fiddling which you have seen fit to inflict on our client,Miss Agnes McHolstein.  The destruction, of course, was total.  Allcorrespondence should come to our attention.  If you should attempt to reach MissMcHolstein at Happy Dale Sanitarium, the attendants have been instructed to shoot you on sight. With this letter please find attached a warrant for your arrest.  
Cordially, Law Offices of Badger, Bender andChole   
A: To keep its nuts warm.   
 So the next day, only two of his friends showed up for a golf date.  
 Joe asked, ''Where's Gary?''   
And one of his friends said, ''Didn't you hear?  Yesterday, Gary found his wife in bed with another man, shot them both, and then turned the gun on himself.''  
 Joe says,''Well it could have been worse.''  
 Both his friends said, ''How in hell could it be worse? Your best friend just killed himself!''  
Joe says, ''If it had happened two days ago, I'd be dead now!''   
 She wanted to start with something simple.   
The first lady had a stroke, the second lady had a stroke, and the third lady's arm was too short to reach.    
The wife said to her husband, I will take a photo of your penis and enlarge it.    
The guy overhears her talking to herself and asks, Are you saying you lost your virginity to me?  
Well, the girl explains, I always wanted to wait until I was with the man I love to lose my virginity.  
Astounded, the guy replies, So you really love me?  
Oh God no! the girl says. I just got sick of waiting.   
   A pickpocket snatches watches and a gynecologist watches snatches.   
I know! We can take off our underwear, and then when our husbands notice, we can say we don't have enough money even for knickers!  
Everybody thought this was a good idea, so they went home to try it. When the English wife's husband noticed, he gave her 200 pounds to go shopping with. When the Irish wife's husband noticed, he gave her his credit card. The next day, they all three met up to discuss how it went. The Irish wife and the English wife were all dressed up in their new clothes, but the Scottish wife was still in rags. The other two demanded to know what had happened. 
Well, said the Scottish wife. As I was gardening, I bent over to show him I wasn't wearing any undies. But when he saw, he gave 40p to get a comb!   
Let me show you, says the captain.  
He takes the recruit down to the rear of the ship where there's a solitary barrel with a hole in it.  
This'll be the best sex you'll ever have. Go ahead and try it, and I'll give you some privacy.  
The recruit doesn't quite believe it, but he decides to try it anyway. After he finishes up, the captain returns. 
Wow! That was the best sex I've ever had! I want to do it every day! 
Fine. You can do it every day except for Thursday. 
Why not Thursday? 
That's your day in the barrel.   
  But when a women talks nasty to a man it's $3.99 a minute.   
About 15 minutes later, Ian sneezed again and then once more opened his fly, grabbed his penis and wiped it off.  The lady could not beleive it, and being to shy to mention it, she thought to herself, If he does that again, I'm definitely going to mention it. 
Well, guess what? About 10 minutes later, Ian sneezed again and proceeded as before. She turned to Ian and said, That is disgusting! Must you do that in front of me?  Ian apologized and explained that it was a medical condition, Every time I sneeze, I have an orgasm, he explained. 
Really, what do you take for that? she asked. 
Ian replied, Pepper.   
A: Adam -- he made Eve's cherry pop.    
It's 10 minutes of sex and 50 minutes of guilt.    
What you just did was amazing.  I am so   proud that you enjoy nature and all of its beauty.    For your reward, I will give you a lifetime supply   of butter. 
Thanks, says the man. But where were you   last week when my ball landed in the   pussywillows?   
A: They don't stop to ask for directions   
 
 Smart man + dumb woman = affair
 
 Dumb man + smart woman = marriage
 
 Dumb man + dumb woman = pregnancy   
So a fireman asks him, Why are you going back in there?  
The man replies, I'm turning over my mother-in-law.  A. The guy who can carry a cup of coffee and a dozen donuts. 
    Q. Who is the most popular girl at a nudist colony?   
 A. The girl who can eat the last donut.   
A: Because they can.    
A: Burger King forgot to wrap his whopper.   Went up the hill 
To smoke some marijuana 
Jack got high 
Pulled down his fly 
And Jill said I don't wanna!   
A: Word of mouth.   
They both squirm when you eat them.   
You push it aside to eat, and sometimes it gets stuck between your teeth after meals.   
How'd you get that, son? 
By hiking. 
Hiking? 
Yeah, every night, Mom's boss came over and gave me $20 to take a hike.   
As time went on, the guy would call the girl and she would never be home, and when he wrote, she would take weeks to return the letters. Even when he emailed her, she took days to return his messages.     
Finally, she confessed to him she wanted to date around.  He didn't want to do this and increased his calls, letters, and emails trying to win back her love.  Because she became annoyed, and now had  a new boyfriend, she wanted to get him off her back.     
So, what she did is this: she took a Polaroid picture of her giving her new boyfriend a blow job and sent it to her old boyfriend with a note reading, ''I found a new boyfriend, leave me alone.''  
Well, needless to say, this guy was heartbroken but, even more so, was pissed.  So...he wrote on the back of the photo: ''Dear Mom and Dad, having a great time at college, please send more money!'' and mailed the picture to her parents.   
Mary raised her hand and said she had seen a movie about women having babies. ?Great,? said the teacher, ?that's very important.?  
Then Judy raised her hand and told the teacher she had seen a TV show about people getting married. ?Well, that has to do with it too,? said the teacher.  
Then  Johnny raised his hand and said he had seen a western where some Indians came riding over the hill and John Wayne shot them all. The teacher said, ?Well, Johnny, that really doesn't have anything to do with sex education.?  
?Yes it does,? said Johnny, ? it taught those Indians not to f**k with John Wayne.?   
I, _______________________, hereby surrender all possibilities of friendship, commitment, marriage, guilt-trips and near-pregnancies in exchange for one (1) night of USDA approved fondling and fornication. I will not return to the scene of said activities, nor call, write or otherwise contact/harass or vex said co-signer of contract for a time of no less than thirty (30) days and nights after said activities have been fulfilled. I also surrender all rights to propagate rumors, misnomers and dirty looks in the cafeteria from myself and friends, and will treat said co-signer with all the respect due a stranger. I will say hi if we pass within ten (10) meters in a friendly, if not neutral, tone. I will also upon completion of heretofore listed activities not leave underwear, earrings or other insignificant yet oh-so-valuable knick-knacks lying about or hidden somewhere in the co-signer's abode for the sole purpose of returning to said abode and breaking the no-contact agreement of this document. I furthermore state that I am of sound mind and desirable body, and will not call said co-signer by any other name than is his or her own, nor reminisce on some former slime-ball/great lover who wore the same cologne, roll-on, boxer shorts or robe. I will also pay one-half of all laundry fees as needed after prescribed activity.  
Signed, 
 _____________________________________ 
 Fornicator At Large  
A: It's the one with the little sticker that reads: I-DA-HO. Also, she has herpes sores on her lips.   
His friend puts his arm around his shoulder and offers him 20 dollars. Don't worry, he says, I'm your besht friend - give her thish and tell her that I chucked up on your jacket, and that I gave you thish money to get it cleaned.  
Fantashtic, says the first guy. You're amashing, really the besht.  
Arriving home, the poor guy's wife opens the door. Where the hell have you been, look at the state of you... she kicks off.  
Quickly he replies, Look love, it's not really my fault. Jack threw up all over me, but you know he's really a nice guy 'cos he gave me 20 bucks to get my jacket cleaned...  
But there are 40 dollars here, she replies. 
 Oh, yeh, I forgot to tell you, he says, Jack shat in my trousers as well.   
A: They're both cheap, fast, and if the rubber breaks, you're dead.   
The doctor recommended that he satisfy himself before they have sex -- that way, he'd last longer. The next day, the man planned on ravishing his wife when he came home, and decided to please himself on the way. So he pulled over onto a quiet road. But he couldn't just sit there in his car having a wank, so he decided to lie under the car and pretend that he was fixing he car.  He crawled under the car, closed his eyes,  imagined his wife naked, and started wanking.   After a while he felt something tugging at  his jeans. 
Sir, this is the police. Would you mind telling us what you're doing?  
Not wanting to lose this wonderful image of his wife he kept his eyes closed. 
I'm just fixing the axle of my   car, officer.   
Well, while  you're down there you'd better check the brakes.   Your car has crashed into a   tree half a mile down the road!  
 Yes ma'am, said the clerk. I'm quite certian   that could be done. Would you prefer block or   script letters?
 Braille, she replied.  Then she told me to take off her skirt.
 
 Then she told me not to wear her clothes anymore.   
The town priest hears this and walks up to Johnny and says,You shouldn't swear like that, Johnny.  God is all around us. 
Is he in the sky? asks Johnny.  
Yes, says the priest.  
Is he in that bush over there? asks Johnny. 
Yes, says the priest.  
Is he in my wagon? asked Johnny.  
Yes, says the priest. 
Well tell him to get the f**k out and push!!!   
A: A fat person is trying to diet, and a virgin is dying to try it.    
At the beginning there's a lot of blowing and sucking, and when it's over your house is gone.   
Because things were looking a little fuzzy.   
But she kept trying to sit up and said, ''Honey, I really need to tell you something.''  
Finally Jake let her get it off her chest.  
''Jake, honey, I need to tell you something before I die. During the last two months, I slept with your brother, your best friend and your father.''  
''Don't worry about it,'' Jake said, ''I already know. Why do you think I poisoned you?''   
Why are you crying? asked the little boy. 
I'm here for a blood test, and they're going to cut my finger, said the girl.  
When he heard this, the little boy started to cry. 
Why are you crying? asked the girl.  
The boy looked at her worriedly and said, I'm here for a urine test.  
 
  ''Emma come first. I come. Dennis come and Dennis come again. I come again. Two asses, they come together again.  I come again and pee twice. Then I come once-a-more.''    
 
  ''You foul-mouthed swine,'' retorted the lady indignantly. ''In this country we don't talk  about our sex lives in public.''    
 
  ''Hey, coola down lady,'' said the man.  ''Imma just tella my friend howa to spella Mississippi.''   
A couple of days later, another girl comes in for a checkup. As she   takes off her blouse, he notices a blue ?Y? on her chest. ?How did   you get that mark on your chest?? asks the doctor.  ?Oh, my boyfriend goes to Yale and he's so proud of it that he never takes off his Yale  sweatshirt, even when we make love,? she replies.     
A couple of days later, another girl comes in for a checkup. As she   takes off her blouse, he notices a green ?M? on her chest. ?Do you  have a boyfriend at Michigan?? asks the doctor. ?No, but I have a  girlfriend at Wisconsin. Why do you ask??   
Wife: ''They aren't wrinkles, they're laugh lines!''   
Man: ''Nothing is that freakin' funny!!'''   
A: A yankee.    
The bull must have drug him a mile!   
Accidents in the backseat can cause children.   
He got a twat in the face.   
One day the women was boasting about her parrot's prayers. An older gentleman was simply amazed by this. ''I have a female parrot and she's just terrible. My son raised her and all she does is curse. She's the most foul mouthed creature I've ever heard,'' he sighed. ''Maybe if we put my parrot with your parrot he would teach mine how to pray and stop cursing so much.'' 
The woman readily agreed to this and a few days later the gentleman brought his parrot by. The woman's parrot sat praying in the bottom of the cage as they placed the female inside with him. The parrot instantly stopped praying, hopped up, looked the female over and shouted, ''Hot damn!! This is what I've been praying for!!''   
A: Beef Strokinoff.   
 See that lump in my sock? The man nods. And I'm just the janitor.   
None.  It's a woman's job.     
The prostitute says, Well, sailor, you're doing about three knots.  
How's that? he asks.  
She says, You're not hard, you're not in, and you're not getting your money back.  A: Lickalotopuss.   
A: She leaves him at home with the kids.    
A: When a Rottweiler is humping your leg.    
When Little Johnny got home that day, he went up to his dad and ask his what the government was. 
His dad thought for a while and answered, ''Look at it this way: I'm the president, your mom is Congress, your maid is the work force, you are the people and your baby brother is the future.'' 
''I still don't get it'' responded the Little Johnny. 
''Why don't you sleep on it then? Maybe you'll understand it better,'' said the dad. 
''Okay then...good night'' said Little Jonny went off to bed. In the middle of the night, Little Johnny was awakened by his baby brother's crying. He went to his baby brother's crib and found that his baby brother had taken a crap in his diaper. So Little Johnny went to his parent's room to get help. When he got to his parent's bedroom, he looked through the keyhole to check if his parents were asleep. Through the keyhole he saw his mom loudly snoring, but his dad wasn't there. So he went to the maid's room. When he looked through the maid's room keyhole, he saw his dad having sex with his maid. Little Johnny was surprised, but then he just realized something and thinks aloud, ''OH!! Now I understand the government! The President is screwing the work force, Congress is fast asleep, nobody cares about the people, and the future is full of s**t!''   
A: Silicon Valley.    
Papa Boner.  
 They both go down in the name of the president.  
 ''You put in my husband's teeth last week, she replied. Now you have to remove them.    
He didn't light the cigar.   
A: A whoroscope.    
For somewhere to stash your gum on the way down.   
A: The head nurse.    
 The doctor decided he had better talk to both George and his wife, so he calls Bertha into the room and begins to explain, George says God turns the light on and off for him when he goes to the bathroom. Is it true that -- DAMMIT, George! Bertha bursts out, How many times do I have to tell you not to piss in the fridge?   
Honey, no in-between meal snacks!   
To keep his nuts warm!   
No, my son, all of our nuns are at least five feet tall, smiles the Pope.   
Are you sure?  I mean, you wouldn't have any nuns   that are, say, about my height?  Maybe a little shorter?   
I'm afraid not.  Why do you ask?   
No reason, replies Grumpy. But you're positive?  Nobody in a habit  that's about three feet tall, maybe two-and-a-half feet   tall?   
I'm sure, my vertically-challenged son, says the Pope, trying not show his   curiosity.  
Okay, moans Grumpy.   
So the Pope listens to the dwarves as they leave the building.  What'd he say?  What'd   he say?  chant the other six dwarves.   
Grumpy mutters, He said they don't have any.  
And   the other six start chanting, Grumpy fucked a penguin!  Grumpy fucked a penguin!   
You are both wrong, he says when he comes back up. That's the best piece of ash I've ever had my pecker in.   
Because he didn't want people running around the White House saying, ''come Spot, come Spot!''   ''How many students here,'' said the professor, ''engage more than once a week?'' 
    Five people raised their hands. 
  
 ''And how many engage once a week?''  
   Ten hands went up.
  
 ''How many twice a month?''
     Eight hands went up.
  
 ''Once a month?''  
   Four hands were raised.   
  
 ''And how may once a year?'' 
    A little guy in the back waved his hand frantically and giggled hysterically.    
 ''If you engage only once a year,'' said the professor, ''I don't see what you're so overjoyed about.''    
 Flush with excitement, the little guy said, ''Yeah, but tonight's the night!''   
The next morning the novice entered Mother Superior's office.  
''So how did it go last night dear?  He didn't try anything on you, did he?'' she asked.     
''Oh, Mother, it was wonderful!  I did exactly as you told me to and when I was giving him his bath he told me the HE has the KEY TO HEAVEN!  I was amazed, and he went on to tell me that if his key fit my gate, I would be saved.  And Mother, his key FIT my gate!  And it was the most beautiful thing in the world!''     
And the Mother said, ''Damn that man!  He told me it was Gabriel's horn and I've been blowing it for 40 years!''   
A: Grandpa.    
His lips are moving.   
A: Tulips on my organ.    
Oh, no, said the priest, thinking of the most promiscuous women in town. Was it with Marie Brown? 
I'd rather not say who it was. 
Was it with Betty Smith?   
I'd rather not say, says Joe.   So the priest gives him absolution and Joe leaves. While leaving the church, Joe's friend asks if he received absolution.  
Yes, and two very good leads!   
Little Suzy raises her hand. My dad owns a farm and every Sunday we load the chicken eggs on the truck and drive into town to sell them at the market. Well, one Sunday we hit a big bump and all the eggs flew out of the basket and onto the road. 
When the teacher asked for the moral of the story, Suzy replied, Don't keep all your eggs in one basket. 
Little Lucy went next. My dad owns a farm too. Every weekend we take the chickeneggs and put them in the incubator. Last weekend only eight of the 12 eggs hatched. 
Again, the teacher asked for the moral of the story. 
Lucy replied, Don't count your chickens before they hatch. 
Next up was little Johnny. My uncle Ted fought in the Vietnam war, and his plane was shot down over enemy territory. He jumped out before it crashed but could only take a case of beer, a machine gun and a machete. On the way down, he drank the case of beer. Then he landed right in the middle of 100 Vietnamese soldiers. He shot 70 with his machine gun, but then he ran out of bullets! So he pulled out his machete and killed 20 more. Then the blade on his machete broke, so he killed the last ten with his bare hands. 
The teacher looked a little shocked. After clearing her throat, she asked what possible moral there could be to this story. 
Well, Johnny replied, Don't f**k with Uncle Ted when he's been drinking.   
 A: The good ones are always taken and the free ones are either very small or handicaped.   
A: Your jeans fit like a glove.   
 A week later his grandma wrote a letter saying, that she didn't like his haircut, because it made his nose look too big.   
She replied, I can go out as whatever I want, and so can you! 
He agreed. He took off all his clothes and tied a string to his penis with a potato at the end of the string.  
His said, You're going out as that? 
''Yes,'' said the old man. ''If you can go out as a sour-puss, I can go out as a dictator.    
Because they don't want a woman running their life.   
A: He can't make a fist.    
A: You do me and I owe you!   
As they start to have sex, Jim screams, Ouch! Now I know why they call you Sandpaper Sally! 
Sally scoots out of the room. Five minutes later she came back and Jim attempts sex once again.  
What the hell happened? asks Jim, This is the best sex I''ve ever had! 
Sally replies, Oh, I just picked my scabs.   
  So they can get from the bedroom to the kitchen!   
He replied, Only if you block the aisle.   
One night, they go to a party. The man decides that it's time to go home and wants to find out if his wife is ready to leave as well. 
He shouts at the top of his voice, 'Shall we go home now, Mother of Six? 
His wife shouts back, Anytime you're ready, Father of Four!    
Jane blushed and said that she didn't know. Jimmy raised his hand and said, ?I know! The pupil of the eye.? The teacher replied, ?Yes, very good Jimmy.?  
The the teacher turned to Jane and said, ?Jane I have three things to say to you:  One -- you have a very dirty mind.  Two -- you haven't been studying hard enough.  And three -- you're going to be very disappointed!?   
A: Five. One to actually do the screwing and four others to brag that they did.   
Listen up kids! There will be NO sex on this trip. Not even the wetting of the tip of your penis. All of you males, take off your penises and hand them to Jim the Monkey. He will write you a receipt. After we see land, you can get your penis back. 
After about a week, Mr. Rabbit ran over to his wife and very excitedly said, Quick! Get on my shoulders and look out the window to see if there is any land out there! 
Mrs. Rabbit got onto his shoulders, looked out the window and said, Sorry, no land yet. 
S**t! shouted Mr. Rabbit and out he went. 
This went on every day until Mrs. Rabbit got fed up with him. 
What is the matter with you? You know it will rain for forty days and nights. Only after the water had drained will we be able to see land. But why are you acting so excited every day? 
Look! said Mr. Rabbit with an impatient look on his face as he held out a piece of paper. I GOT THE DONKEY'S RECEIPT!   
 That night she went to the emergency room with a shot in the knee.  Further down the corridor he came to a machine that said, 'For the best shave every insert here'', so he inserted his money in and place his face in the slot. And sure enough his face had the best shave he had ever had.
 
   He walked on down the corridor until he came to the last machine. It said ''for the man who has been away from his wife for a long time and is in dire need.. The rest of the words were rubbed of but he got the general idea. He made sure no one was looking and inserted his money, undid his fly and placed his ''thing'' in the hole. The machine rumbled and after a few minutes of extreme pain he withdrew his thing from the hole with a new shiny button neatly sewed on the end.   
One morning she woke up, late for work and very rushed.  By the time she got on the bus she realized that she forgot to go through her routine.  So standing on the bus, while rubbing her boobs she says ''Scoobie doobie doobie, give me bigger boobies''.  The man standing next to her says, ''You go to Dr. Smith?'' ''Yes,'' she said, ''how did you know?'' He replies ''Hickory dickory dock!''   
Her boss says, Well what's your complaint?   
She says, My co-worker Joe said my hair smelled nice.  
The boss says, That's really not sexual harassment.   
The lady counters, But, Joe's a midget!   
It's to keep them from rolling out of bed.   
Do you have Jingle Bells on the old 12 inch? she asks.  
No, but I've got dangling balls and a 7-inch,  says the smartass behind the counter.  The lady thinks for a second. 
Is that a record? 
I think so. I'm only 14.   
 Don't do that! There's a computer at the drug store that can diagnose anything, quicker and cheaper than a doctor. Simply put in a sample of your urine and the computer will diagnose your problem and tell you what you can do about it. It only costs $10. 
Jeffery figured he had nothing to lose, so he took his urine sample to the drug store. Finding the computer, he poured in the sample and deposited the $10.00. The computer started making some noise and various lights started flashing. After a brief pause, out popped a small slip of paper on which was printed: 
   
?You have tennis elbow.
   Soak your arm in warm water.
   Avoid heavy lifting.
   It will be better in two weeks.? 
    Late that evening while thinking howamazing this new technology was and how it would change medical science forever, he began to wonder if this machine could be fooled. He decided to give it a try. He mixed together some tap water, a stool sample from his dog and urine samples from his wife and daughter.  To top it off, he masturbated into the concoction. 
    He went back to the drug store, locatedthe machine, poured in the sample and deposited $10.00. The computer again made the usual noise and printed out the following message:   
?Your tap water is too hard.
   Get a water softener.
 
   Your dog has worms.
   Get him vitamins.
 
   Your daughter's using cocaine.
   Put her in a rehabilitation clinic.
 
   Your wife's pregnant - twin girls.
   They aren't yours.
   Get a lawyer.   
And if you don't stop jerking off, your tennis elbow will  never get better.?   
A: They don't have a penis to put them in!   
A: None, because they never get the house.    
When she opened the door, she found him with his secretary sitting in his lap. 
Without hesitating, he dictated, And in conclusion, gentlemen, budget cuts or no budget cuts, I cannot continue to operate this office with just one chair.    
An aunt-eater.   
l'll let you sneak aboard my captain's ship and take you to France, but you have to screw me every time I bring you food, okay?   
She accepted, and for about three months the guy brought her food and water and then she screwed him. This went on for about 3 months, at which point she was discovered by the captain. The captain asked what she was doing and she said a man was taking her to France if she screwed him every time he brought her food. 
The captain replied, He sure is screwing you - this is the New York Ferry.   
A: A frostitute.    
''Simply put in a sample of your urine and the computer will diagnose your problem and tell you what you can do about it. It only costs $10.   Bill figured he had nothing to lose, so he filled a jar with a urine sample and went to the drug store. Finding the computer, he poured in the sample and deposited the $10. The computer started making some noise and various lights started flashing. After a  brief pause out popped a small slip of paper on which was printed:    You have tennis elbow.  Soak your arm in warm water.  Avoid heavy lifting.  It will be better in two weeks.     
Later that evening while thinking how amazing this new technology was and how it would change medical science forever, he began to wonder if this machine could be fooled.  He mixed together some tap water, a stool   sample from his dog and urine samples from his   wife and daughter. To top it off, he masturbated into the concoction. He went back to the drug   store, located the machine, poured in the sample and deposited the $10. The computer again made the usual noise and printed out the following message:     
Your tap water is too hard.  Get a water softener.  Your dog has worms. Get him vitamins.    Your daughter is using cocaine.  Put her in a rehabilitation clinic.  Your wife is pregnant with twin girls.  They aren't yours.  Get a lawyer.  And if you don't stop jerking off, your tennis   elbow will never get better.   
His mother replies, The stork brings them. 
 Little Johnny, puzzled, asks, Then who fucks the stork?   With his hand in the crack of his madam. 
    It filled him with mirth 
    'Cause on this whole earth, 
    There were only two balls and he had 'em.    
They''re both substitutes for meat.   
''How much is this one?'' he asked.  
''That one is a monkey brain, and it's $20,'' the owner explained.  
''How much is that one?'' the alien asked.  
 That one is a female brain, and it's $100,'' the owner replied. 
''And how much is that one?'' the alien asked.  
''That one is a male's brain and it is $500'' the owner explained.  
''Why so expensive?'' the alien asked.   
 The owner answered,''Well, it's hardly been used!''  
   
Lifting his legs so you can vacuum.   
A: The one that's labeled Idaho.    
A chinrest!   
A p***y - because you gotta leave your bags outside!   
What if that day I just stayed home because I was sexually exahausted?''  
''Well, I guess you'd just have to use your other hand to write with.''  A: When your balls are slapping off the cheeks of her ass, you're in definitely.    
Because they don't have assholes until they're married.  
 Today Father Goodwin told me I had the gates of Heaven between my legs, and that he had the Key to Heaven. Then opened my gates with his key.
 That bastard! says Mother Superior. He told me it was Gabriel's trumpet, and I've been blowing it.   
Being ex-theater majors from a liberal arts college, Jack and Jill agree without hesistation. Jack leads the female alien into one room, while Jill takes the male alien's tenticle and leads him off into another room. Immediately, the male alien starts to strip down to his bare essentials. Jill, seeing the creature's shrunken, pasty, yellow, naked body before her, gasps and says, ''Gee, that's a really teenie weenie. 
 ''Actually, I come in all sizes. 
 With a wink and a smile, the alien slaps his thighs, and magically, his penis pops out to about one foot in length.  Jill, giggling with amazement, exclaims Wow! That's outrageous.  Can you do that with your thickness as well?  
No problemo, assurres the well-hung alien.  At that, he slaps at his ears, and, boing, his member inflates out to about a good three inches in diameter. Yippee. Yahoo, blurts out Jill, and proceeds to give Mr. Spaceman a taste of earth-style mating. 
 After about a three hour romp, Jill and Mr. Spaceman (now in smoking jacket and ascot) exit the bedroom and meet up with the other couple already waiting in the kitchen. 
Jack, seeming somewhat dazed gets up and asks Jill, How did it go in there?''  
Jill, still a little woozy herself, smiles a goofy s**t-eating grin and sings, ''That was by far, the most spectacular, unbelievable, eye-poppingest sex I have ever had. No offense. By the way, how'd it go with Ms. Universe over there?   
Not so well.  All she did was slap my ears for an hour and a half.   
The doctor examines him and says, You've been fooling around in my country. This is a very common problem here. Did you see any other doctors?? 
The man replies, ?Yes a few in the USA.? 
The doctor says, I bet they told you it had to be cut off. 
The man answers, Yes! 
The doctor smiles, nods, That is not correct. It will fall off by itself.   
The devil leads him to the first room where someone is tied to a wall and is being whipped. The second room has someone being burned by a torch. The third has a man getting blown by a naked woman.  
I choose this room! the man says.  
Very well, the devil says. He walks up to the woman and taps her on the shoulder.  
You can go now. I've found your replacement.   
Boy, I'd like to screw her, says one lawyer.  
I agree, says the other.  
 But out of what?   
 You used to sit closer to me, said the woman.  So the man moved closer.
 You used to put your arm around me. So the man put his arm around her.
 You used to nibble on my ear.
 Let me get my teeth.  
 To kiss your red lips, I need red wine. So he poured red wine over her lips and continued to kiss her. He moved on to her white, white breasts.
 To kiss your white breasts, I need white wine. So he poured white wine over her breasts and continued to kiss them. He then moved on to her bush. He poured brandy all over it and set it alight.
 Louis! she screamed. What are you doing?
 Baby, he said, when I go down, I GO DOWN IN FLAMES!  man said, Your hair smells nice. 
    She went straight to herboss and said, I've been sexually harrassed. A man said my hair smells nice. 
    He in return said,What's wrong with that, it does? 
    She said, The man whosaid that was a midget.   
Because they are all PIGS!   
The little girl looked down and said,What's that? 
That's my little red sports car, said the little boy. 
The little boy looked down and said,What's that? 
That's my little red sports car garage, said the little girl. 
A few seconds later the little girl said,How about you put your little red sports car in my little red sports car garage? 
Sure, said the little boy. 
The little boy's mother was down stairs and heard this blood curdling scream. She ran upstairs.Once she got there she saw blood all over the bathtub. 
What happened?! she said. 
Well, Johnny tried to put his little red sports car in my little red sports car garage...but it didn't fit....so I cut the back wheels off.....   
An illegal procedure.   
A: More than one mother-in-law.    
He answers, No way -- you already broke yours off!   So he lined them up and the queen came to the first one and took off her gown.  He got a boner, so that was the end of him.
 
 Then she came to the next one and took off her gown, he got a boner and that was the end of him. This went on until she came to the last one and took off gown, then her underthings and he didn't get a boner. So she took off his clothes and started rolling on the floor with him, half an hour went by, then an hour, finally after two hours the king came in to see what was happening and as soon as the king came in the guy got a boner.    A: One slip of the tongue and you will be in s**t!   
A New Zealander's c**k!   
I've got some good news   and some bad news, God said.  
Adam looked at God and said, Well, give   me the good news first.  
Smiling, God explained, I've got two new   organs for you. One is called a brain. It will allow you to be very   intelligent, create new things and have intelligent conversations with   Eve. The other organ I have for you is called a penis. It will allow    you to reproduce your life form and populate this   planet.  Eve will be very happy that you now have this organ to give   her children.   
Adam, very excited, exclaimed, These are great gifts. What could possibly be bad news after such great   tidings?  
God looked upon Adam and said with great sorrow, The bad   news is that when I created you, I only gave you enough blood to   operate one of these organs at a time.    
Then, God came to Eve to pass on some news too. I've got some good news   and some bad news, God said.  
Eve looked at God and said, Well, give   me the good news first.  
Smiling, God explained, I've got two new   organs for you. One is called a brain. It will allow you to be very   intelligent, create new things and have intelligent conversations with   Adam. The other organ I have for you is called a vagina. It will allow    you to reproduce your now intelligent life form and populate this   planet.  Adam will be very happy that you now have this organ to give   him children.   
Eve, very excited, exclaimed, These are great gifts   you have given to me. What could possibly be bad news after such great   tidings?  
God looked upon Eve and said with great sorrow, The bad   news is that when I created you, I only gave you enough blood to   operate one of these organs at a time. While you're bleeding through one of them every 28 days, the other will remain useless.   
A: Put a nipple on it.   
After a couple of minutes went by, a boy named John walked in and the teacher asked where he was.   He said, Shree Hill. 
Then another student, named Bill, walked in and the teacher asked where he was. He also said, Shree Hill. 
Then the third boy, Shawn, walked in and the teacher asked him where he had been. And he said, On top of Shree Hill. 
Then,  a girl walked in and the teacher asked, Who are you?
  And she said, Shree Hill.   
Dinner for 4.   
 After dinner, the male asks the woman if she wants to go up to his hotel room. 
 ''Sure,'' the woman says. ''Let me go wash my hands first.''  
After she washes her hands, they have sex. After they are finished, she washes her hands again.  
This is really starting to annoy the male doctor so he says, ''You know, you must be a surgeon, because you keep washing your hands.''  
Angry at this remark, the woman says, ''Well, you must be an anasthesiologist, because I didn't feel a thing!''  The next day he gets a substitute to do his routes. So he goes in the lady's basement and paints his dick green. When she put the pickle in he takes it out and sticks his dick in and the lady doesn`t know it`s not the pickle so she just screws it.  Later on the substitute mailman rings the doorbell and then the lady kicks the pickle and gets the mail.   
The second old fogey one-upped him and said, My hands shake so bad, that when I trimmed my garden yesterday, I sliced all my flowers.  
The third old man laughed and said, That's nothing. My hands shake so bad that when I took a piss yesterday, I came three times!    
All right, who is the comedian with two black balls? 
Eddie Murphy! See ya on Tuesday!  congregation in a little Pennsylvania town. One day, he was walking down Main Street andhe happened to notice a female member of his congregation sitting in the town bar,drinking beer. The reverend thought this was sinful and not something a member of hiscongregation should do. He walked through the open door of the bar and sat down next tothe woman.  
    Mrs. Fitzgerald, the reverend saidsternly. This is no place for a member of my congregation. Why don't you let me takeyou home? 
    Sure, she said with a slur, obviouslyvery drunk. When Mrs. Fitzgerald stood up from the bar, she began to
 weave back and forth. The reverend realized that she had had too much to drink and hegrabbed hold of her arms to steady her. When he did, they both lost their balance andtumbled to the floor. After rolling around for a few seconds, the reverend wound up lyingon top of Mrs. Fitzgerald, her skirt hiked up to her waist. 
    The bartender looked over the bar and said,Here, here, buddy, we won't have any of that carrying on in this bar. 
    The reverend looked up at the bartender and said,But you don't understand, I'm Pastor Fuzz. 
    The bartender nodded, Well if you're thatfar into the game, you may as well finish!   
A:  Whistle through his pecker.   
This continues because the teacher knows that Little Johnny knows a cuss word for every letter of the alphabet. Then she gets to R. She can't think of any cuss words that begin with R, so she calls on Johnny.  
He exclaims, R is for rats -- big f**king rats, with 12-inch c**ks!   
A. By the antler marks on his thighs!     
This was highly upsetting for her. She hid the magazine until his Father got home and showed it to him.  
He looked at it and handed it back to her with out a word. So she asked him, What should we do about this?  
Dad looked at her and said, Well I don't think you should spank him.   
A: She sat on Pinocchio's nose and said, ?Tell the truth tell a lie tell the truth tell a lie tell the truth tell a lie tell the truth tell a lie!!!?   
Because I can sure see myself in them.    
A: Ouch.  
 A: Aw, f**k it! We'll drink in the dark!    
E.T., the Extra-Testicle!   
The old man asks, Why are you on the floor?  
The old woman replies, Because I want to feel something hard for a change.    
The next married couple stepped up, and St.Peter told the husband, ?Can't let you in sir. While you were on earth, you allowed money to run your life. You even married a girl named Penny.? The guy hung his head, turned and walked away.     
The husband of the third couple waiting in line, overheard both conversations and said, ?Come on, Fanny, he's not going to let us in either.?   
Why do women talk so much? They've got two mouths!  
 
 He drops his pants and positions himself under the donkey.  But, to his dismay, the donkey walks away.  Only slightly discouraged, the man decides to try again.  He walks to where the donkey is standing, positions himself under the donkey, and right before he goes for it, the donkey walks away again.  Now the man is getting frustrated.  
 
 As he prepares for his third and final try, he sees a vision.  A beautiful, naked woman appears out of nowhere.  She approaches the stunned man, who until recently, believed that he was the only person for hundreds of miles.  She smiles at him and says, ''''I would do anything for that bowl of fruit you have.   
 
 ''''Anything?'''' he says, getting fairly excited.      
 
 ''''Yes, anything.'''' she replies. 
 
 So he says, ''''Will you hold the donkey!?''''   
A scrotum poll.   
A head hunter!   
A nun roasting on a spit.   
Yech! says the woman. Get some toilet paper. 
What for? He must be half-a-mile away by now.   
She asks, What are you waiting for? 
He replies, Autumn.  After the US published the study, France decided to do their own study. After $250,000.00, and three years of research, they concluded that the reason was to give the woman more pleasure during sex.Romania, unsatisfied with these findings, conducted their own study. After two weeks and a cost of around $75.46, they concluded that it was to keep a man's hand from flying off and hitting him in the forehead.  
A: 20. One to change the bulb and 19 to make a documentary about it.    
A.If you don't have a good partner, you better have a good hand!   
''Oh my gosh, I am so sorry,'' she said as she popped her eye back in the socket. ''Let me buy you dinner to make it up to you.''  
They enjoyed a wonderful dinner together and afterwards the woman invited him back to her place for a drink. They went back to her house, and after some time, she took him into her bedroom and began undressing him. The couple had wild, passionate sex many times during the night. The next morning when he awoke, she had already gotten up and brought him breakfast in bed.  
The guy was amazed and said ''You know, you are the perfect woman. Are you this nice to every guy you meet?''  
''No, she replied. You just happened to catch my eye!''   
A: A tight-fisted wanker.    
A: Bingo.    
Hi, God. What's in the bag? asked Eve. 
These are a couple of things that were left over from creation that I thought you two would be interested in. God rummages around in the bag a moment. Okay who wants to be able to pee standing up? 
Adam immediately puts his hand up in the air, waving frantically. Me! Me! Me! Oh, oh, PLEASE, God, let me have it! Just think of how much more work I could get done in the fields if I could pee standing up! And it would help so much when I'm out hunting! Oh, please, please, please let me have it! 
Well, all right, says God. Now, let's see what we have for you, Eve. God rummages about a bit more in the bag. 
Ah, right. Multiple orgasms.   
A: They're both f**king close to water.    
Secretary: My lawyer.   
A: Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.    
If you sat in Santa's lap and you felt him get a boner.  
Do you know what would be even worse?     
If he stood up and you were still sitting in his lap.   
She yells out in pain, Oh Christ! Oh God, I said Christ! Oh s**t, I said God!  Oh, f**k, I said s**t! Oh, who wants to be a f**king nun anyway?   
A: Woman doesn't accept 3 1/2 inch floppies.   
A: Who knows why the heck they do anything?    
A: You go on ahead while I give these two a lift.  were seated next to an Englishman on an overseas flight. After a few cocktails, the menbegan discussing their home lives.   Last night I madelove to my wife four times, the Frenchman bragged, and this morning she mademe delicious crepes and she told me how much she adored me.   Ah, last night I madelove to my wife six times, the Italian responded, and this morning she made mea wonderful omelet and told me she could never love another man.   When the Englishmanremained silent, the Frenchman smugly asked, And how many times did you make love toyour wife last night?   Once, hereplied.   Only once? theItalian arrogantly snorted. And what did she say to you this morning?   Don't stop. 
A: That one in the middle thinks he's hard.   
You see, said Stanley, when the time comes, I'm gonna be first, you'll see. The other sperm did not believe him. But one day, they were called to action, and all started swimming. All of a sudden, Stanley turned and went in the other direction.  
Don't do it, boys! It's a BLOWJOB!  
 
 An omlette you probably shouldn't eat.   
A: He only got laid once, and it was by his mother.    
The guy replies, Why Doc? Am I going blind?   
The doctor says, No, but you're upsetting my nurse and me.    
The president gets one and says, ?My country needs me!? and jumps. 
  
The smartest man in the world grabs one and says, ?Well, the world needs me, since I'm so smart,? and jumps.  
One parachute left and the old man says, ?You take it, my life is almost over anyway.?  
The little girl says, ?No. We both can jump.?  
Confused, the man asks, ?How?? The little girl says, ?The smartest man in the world took my backpack.?   
''Isn't it wonderful?''  Brad exclaims.  ''All these unhappy children, and ours is so happy.''  
''He's happy now, says the nurse. But just wait until  we take the pacifier out of his ass.''   
He walked up to the brothel, knocked on the door and asked what in the world was going on with all the sex on the lawn.  
Oh, that, said the madam. We're having a yard sale.    
A: What are you shaking about, it's me she's going to eat.   
Gepetto told Pinocchio to go to the hardware store and buy some sandpaper to sand off the splinters before he had sex with his girlfriend.       
A week later, Gepetto asked Pinocchio, So how's it going with your girlfriend?     
Pinocchio said, Who needs a girlfriend?   
A: On crutches.    
Are you doing anything for it? 
Snorting pepper.  
 Do you like pussy cats? said the stranger. 
 Yeah, I do, said the man. But how did you   know my name was 'Katz?''     
A: Is it in yet?    
A: He heard the ref was blowing fowls.  
 A: To get a Slurpee.   
You have to screw both of them to get a response!   
                  MONEY.   
The first declares: I was so shocked last week. I was tidying my daughter''s room and I found a packet of cigarettes under her pillow. I didn't even know that she smoked!  
It gets worse than that, says the second mother. I was tidying my daughter''s room last week and I found a bottle of vodka under her bed. I didn't even know that she drank! 
Oh, it gets even worse than that, says the third mother. I was tidying my daughter''s room last week and you''ll never guess what I found in her bedside cabinet: a packet of condoms! I didn't even know that she had a penis!   
Those are sperm cells.   
Dad replied ''That's Grandpa!  One old lady turns to the other and asks, Do you still get horny?  The other replies, Oh sure I do. 
 
 The first old lady asks, What do you do about it? The second old lady replies, I suck a lifesaver. 
 
 After a few moments, the first old lady asks, Who drives you to the beach? People say he was half-nuts!  2. Just call me milk, I'll do your body good.
  3. I may not be Fred Flintstone, but I bet I can make your Bed Rock.
  4. I may not be the best looking guy here, but I'm the only one talking to you. 
 5. That shirt looks very becoming on you, but if I were on you, I'd be coming too. 
 6. I'd like to screw your brains out, but it appears that someone beat me to it. 
 7. If you were a new hamburger at McDonald's, you would be McGorgeous.
  8. Is that Windex? Because I can see myself in your pants. 
 9. If you're going to regret this in the morning, we can sleep until the afternoon.
  10. Baby, you must be tired cuz you have been running through my mind all night!!   
Because the grass tickles their balls!     
''No, I want to show off my rosebuds!'' she said and bounded out the door. The next day, the granddaughter came outside to find her grandmother on the porch wearing a see-through blouse without a bra.   
''Grandmother! What are you doing? A couple of other friends are coming over any time now! Please go change your blouse, I'm so embarrassed!''   
''No. If you can show off them rosebuds then I can show off my hanging baskets.''     
A: They irritate the crap out of you.    
Hello, giggles the woman, I'm Stacey. What's yours?  
I'm Jim.  
Jim, do you want to come over to my house tonight? I mean, right now??  
Sure! replies Jim, Let's go!  
So Stacey takes Jim to her house and takes him to her room. Jim sits down on the bed and notices a picture of a man on Stacey's desk. Stacey, I noticed the picture of a man on your desk, Jim says.  
Yes? And what about it? asks Stacey. 
Is it your brother?  
No, it isn't, Jim! Stacey giggles. Jim's eyes widen, suspecting that it might be Stacey's husband.  
When he finally asks, Is it your husband?  
Stacey giggles even more, No, silly! Jim was relieved. 
 Then, it must be your boyfriend!  
Stacey giggles even more while nibbling on Jim's ear. She says, No, silly!!  
Then, who is it? Jim asks.  
Stacey replies, That's me BEFORE my operation!!   
A: A boy is eight times more likely to be convicted of murder.    
 A widow.   
A. You throw back the small ones, you keep the medium ones, and you mount the large ones.    
The chief replies, When a baby is born, the father takes him outside of the teepee, holds him over his head, and names him after the first thing he sees - like 'Running-Wolf' or 'Flying-Cloud'. Why do you ask, Two-Dogs-Screwing?  
 One hundred people who don't do dick.   
Well, the other crab said, why don't you hide up a lady's skirt next year. Then you won't be as cold.   
The little crab said, Hey, that isn't a bad idea.     
A year later, the two crabs met at the same place, and the one little crab was shivering very badly again.    The other crab asked if he had taken his advice and he said, Yeah, I went and hid up a lady's skirt, but when I woke up in the morning I was on that's guy's moustache again!   
Really? 
I thought she was home with the kids.   
 MAN: Hello
 WOMAN: Honey, it's me. Are you at the club?
 MAN: Yes.
 WOMAN: I'm at the mall now and found this beautiful leather coat. It's only $1,000. Is it OK if I buy it?
 MAN: Sure, go ahead if you like it that much.
 WOMAN: I also stopped by the Mercedes dealership and saw the new 2007 models. I saw one I really liked.
 MAN: How much?
 WOMAN: $65,000.
 MAN: OK, but for that price I want it with all the options.
 WOMAN: Great! Oh, and one more thing. The house we wanted last year is back on the market. They're asking $950,000.
 MAN: Well, then go ahead and give them an offer, but just offer $900,000.
 WOMAN: OK. I'll see you later! I love you!
 MAN: Bye, I love you, too.
 
 The man hangs up. The other men in the locker room are looking at him in astonishment. 
 
 Then he smiles and asks: Anyone know whose phone this is?  
A. Cover me. I'm going in.    
The guy replies, I taught my dog to swallow them, and now he s**ts in little plastic baggies!    
The daughter says, Mom, I'm 40 years old, I'm not married and I don't have a date. Give me a break!  
The mother shakes her head and leaves.    
The next day, the father walks in on the daughter and finds the same thing. He screams, What's going on here?    
The daughter says the same thing to him, he shakes his head and leaves.    
That night, the mother comes into the kitchen and finds the father sitting at the table, a beer in one hand and the vibrator in the other. She says, What on earth are you doing with that?    
The father sits back and replies, Hey, leave me alone, can't a guy have a beer with his son-in-law?   
 The new neighbor says, I'm a professor. The first neigbhbor then asks, Oh yeah, what do you teach? 
Logic, the professor reponds.  
What is that? the neighbor inquires.  
Well, let me see if I can give you an example...you have a dog, right? 
Yeah, that's right, neighbor #1 responds. 
And you have children too, right? says the professor. 
Wow, right again! exclaims the neighbor. 
So, then you must be married and that would make you a heterosexual, right?'' proclaims the professor. 
Unbelievable, you're absolutely correct. How do you know all this about me? 
Well, the professor says, I observed there was a dog house in your backyard, so you must have a dog. I also saw bicycles next to your garage, so you must have children. And if you have children, you are probably married and if your married, you are most likely heterosexual... it was all logical! 
 The next afternoon, the neighbor runs into his old friend. His friend asks if he has met the new neighbor.  The man says that he met him yesterday. 
What's he like? 
Well, the man says, he's nice and he is a professor of logic. 
Oh, says the friend, what's logic? 
Maybe I can give you an example. Do you have a dog house? 
Why, no, I do not, responds the friend. 
Well, then, proclaims the man, you must be gay!   
A: A groovy kind of love.    
A smartass!   
What they don't tell you is that married men are much more willing to die.   
 The old man unwraps the plain hamburger and carefully cuts it in half. He places one half in front of his wife. He then carefully counts out the fries, dividing them into two piles and neatly placing one pile in front of his wife.  He takes a sip of the drink, his wife takes a sip and then sets the cup down between them. As he begins to eat his few bites of hamburger, the people around them keep looking over and whispering That poor old couple - all they can afford is one meal for the two of them.
 As the man begins to eat his fries a young man comes to the table. He politely offers to buy another meal for the old couple. The old man replies that they''re just fine - they''re just used to sharing everything.
 The surrounding people noticed the little old lady hadn''t eaten a bite. She sits there watching her husband eat and occasionally taking turns sipping the drink.
 Again the young man comes over and begs them to let him buy another meal for them. 
 This time the old woman says No, thank you, we are used to sharing everything.
 As the old man finishes and was wipes his face neatly with the napkin,the young man again comes over to the little old lady who had yet to eata single bite of food and asks May I ask what is it you are waiting for?
 The old woman answers... THE TEETH.  
 What d'ya know, we do taste like chicken.   
The first man prayed to God saying, ?Please God, give me the strength, courage and ability to cross this river.?   
Poof!  God gave him big arms and strong legs, and he was able to swim across the river in about two hours.        
Seeing this, the second man prayed to God saying, ?Please God, give me the strength, courage, and ability to cross this river.? Poof! God gave him the skill to chop down a tree and fashion it into a rowboat; he was able to row across the river in about three hours.      
The third man had seen how this worked out for the other two,so he also prayed to God saying, ?Please God, give me the strength, courage and ability to cross this river.?  Poof!  God turned him into a woman, and he walked across the bridge.   
 
    News just in of Microsoft's latestventure: Microsoft Corporation has taken another step toward dominating every aspect ofAmerican life with the introduction of Contraceptive98, a suite of applications designedfor users who engage in sex. Microsoft has been a pioneer in peer-to-peer connectivity and plug and play. 
    It believes these technologies willgive it substantial leverage in penetrating the copulation enhancement market. The product addresses two important user concerns: the need for virus protection and the need for a firewall to ensure the non-propagation of human beings. 
    The Contraceptive98 suite consistsof three products: Condom98, DeFetus 1.0 (from Sementec), and AIDScan 2.1 (from NortonUtilities). A free copy of Intercourse Explorer 4.0 is bundled in the package. The suitealso comes in two expanded versions. Contraceptive98 Professional is the Client/Serveredition, for professionals in the sexual services sector. Contraceptive98 Small BusinessEdition is a package for startups, aimed at the housewife and gigolo niches. 
    While Contraceptive98 does not address nontraditional copulatory channels, future plug-ins are planned for next year. 
    OPERATION: Only one node in apeer-to-peer connection needs to install the package. 
    At installation, the Condom98software checks for minimum hardware. If the user meets the requirements, the productinstalls and is sufficiently scaleable to meet most requirements. After installation,operation commences. One precaution is that the user must be sure they have sufficient RAM to complete the session. When the session is complete, a disconnect is initiated, and the user gets the message, it is now safe to turn off your partner. 
    DRAWBACKS: Usability testers report that frequent failures were a major concern during beta testing. General Protection Fault was the most serious error encountered. Early versions had numerous bugs, but most of these have been eliminated. The product needs to be installed each time its used. 
    CONCLUSION: Contraceptive98 is arobust product. Despite its drawbacks, it is reasonably good value for its $49.95 pricetag, and is far superior to its shareware version. Hopefully, future releases (of thesoftware, that is) will add missing functionality, such as Backout and Restore,uninterruptible Power Supply and Onboard Camera. 
    Microsoft CEO Bill Gates is optimistic that Our contraceptive products will help users do to each other what we've been doing to our customers for years.   
  One of his fingers is clean   
The first girl says, I want mine to be 7-Up, 'cause seven days a week, he's up.   
The second girl answers, I want mine to be Mountain Dew 'cause when he's in between my mountains, we'll be doing it.  
The third girl replies, Mine's gonna be Jack Daniel's. 
Her friends argue, You can't do that. Here we are talking about soda pop, and you're talking about a hard liquor. 
The third girl says, Exactly.    
Bill Clinton.   
A: Keep the tip.   
A: You guys hang around here while I go inside.    
A: Anacondoms.    
Of course, the cashier spots him on the way out and says, Hey! Is that a record in your pants? 
The man replies, Well, it may not be a record but I haven''t heard any complaints.   
 The old woman said, Yes, and we were probably naked as jay birds.  
The old man said, Well, what do you say..wanna get naked? So they both stripped. 
The old woman said, You know hunny, my breasts are just as hot for you as they were 50 years ago. a 
The old man replied, I can imagine, one is in your oatmeal and the other is in your coffee.   
What are they doing? asks the girl. 
They're jumping rope, says the boy. Maybe I'll teach you how someday.  
I want you to teach me now, says the girl. So the two go behind some bushes and start getting it on. When the boy has his pants down, the girl asks, What's behind your 'rope?' 
That's my knot, says the boy. 
Well, says the girl, untie the knot and give me some more rope.   
A: 69 with three people watching.    
 A: They have cotton balls.    
In basketball you dribble before you shoot!   
What did you do that? she exclaimed.
 He replied, Gotta check for squirrels.   No matter how hard you try, you can't baptize cats.
   When your Mom is mad at your dad, don't let her brush your hair.
   If your sister hits you, don't hit her back. They always catch the second person.
   Never ask your 3-year old brother to hold a tomato.
   You can't trust dogs to watch your food.
   Reading what people write on desks can teach you a lot.
   Don't sneeze when someone is cutting your hair.
   Puppies still have bad breath even after eating a tic tac.
   Never hold a dustbuster and a cat at the same time.
   School lunches stick to the wall.
   You can't hide a piece of broccoli in a glass of milk.
   Don't wear polka-dot underwear under white shorts.
   The best place to be when you are sad is in Grandma's lap.  
Sufferin' succotash!   
''Sure,'' his mother said. ''Just tell me what they are.''     
The little boy replied, ''P***y and bitch.''     
His mother said, ''No problem. A pussy is a cat, like the neighbor's Tabby, and a bitch is a female dog, like our Sandy.''     
The boy thanked his mother, and then went out to the garage, where his father was working. ''Dad,'' he began, ''today I heard some kids using some words that I don't know the meaning of. I asked Mom, but I don't think that she gave me the right answer. Can you help me?''     
''Sure,'' his father replied. ''What are the words?''     
''P***y and bitch,'' the boy replied.     
His father said, ''I thought I told you anytime you have a question like that, you were supposed to ask me, and not your mother, because she can't handle it.''    With that, he reached up on a shelf and pulled down an edition of Playboy magazine, and a magic marker. He then took the marker, and drew a circle around the woman's genital area.    ''Son,'' he began, ''everything inside this circle is a p***y.''     
''Okay,'' his son said, ''but what is a bitch?''     
His father said, ''Everything outside this circle.''   
His teacher told him it was a piece of cake!   
A: It was feeling crummy.    
 Who's there?  
 You ever hear the joke about the broken pencil?  
 You ever hear the joke about the broken pencil who?  
 Nevermind, it's pointless.    
A: Stick it in the blender.    
The first boy says, My name's Tommy and I was trying to feed peanuts to the lions.     
The second boy says, My name's Billy and I was trying to feed peanuts to the lions. 
The third boy says, My name is Peanuts.   
She explained, I want you to stand up and give us the occupation of your father, spell it, and say one thing he would give us all if he was here today. 
The first student raised her hand to volunteer. 
Marcy, the teacher said. You may go first.  
Marcy replied, My father is a banker. B-A-N-K-E-R and if he was here today, he would give us all a shiny new penny. 
The teacher said, Very nice, Marcy, who wants to go next? 
Kevin stood up and announced, My father is a baker. B-A-K-E-R and if he was here today, he would give us all a freshly-baked cookie. 
Very good, the teacher told Kevin. 
Jeff was next, and he said, My father is an accountant. A-K, no wait, A-C-K, no... 
Before he could attempt to spell it once more, the teacher cut him off and told him to sit back down and to think about it for a while. When he thought he knew how to spell it, he could stand back up and try again. 
Little Johnny raised his hand in excitement hoping to be acknowledged by the teacher. The teacher called on little Johnny to go next. 
Johnny said, My father is a bookie. B-O-O-K-I-E and if he was here today, he would give us all 20:1 odds Jeff will never be able to spell accountant.   
 His teacher told him, Act your age, not your shoe size.   
The boy looked down at his size 14 shoes and said, But they're the same.   
His dad told him, ''Son, the bird  died and went to heaven.''   
Then the boy asked, ''Did God throw him back down?''   
Horrible, said Johnny. A car hit my cat in the ass!  
Rectum, said the teacher. Say rectum.  
Rectum? Damn near killed 'em!    
To wreak an unholy vengeance upon the driver of the car who's standing there, scratching his head, trying to figure out how a zombie baby's head can be beneath his car tires but the rest of the body is nowhere to be seen-- unless he were to turn around and notice the zombie baby body bearing down on him, coming ever closer, ready with grasping, pudgy zombie baby fingers to tear and rend at the flesh of this self-same driver who ran his head over, on the dark and rain-swept road that snakes down from the castle of the madman who's creating an army of zombie babies to do his dark, libidinal bidding.   
Yes, the grandpa replied.   
Did God make you too?  
Yes, the grandpa said.   
Well, the little girl said, looking at his wrinkles and thinning hair. He sure is doing a better job nowadays!    
Who's there? 
Old lady. 
Old lady who? 
I didn't know you could yodel!    
''They're smart pills,'' said the other boy. ''Eat them and they'll make you smarter.     
So he ate them and said, ''These taste like crap.''     
''See,'' said the other boy, ''you're getting smarter already.''   
She went to school one day and her  teacher said, How do you spell your name?  
The girl replied, F.U. - F.U. 
Her teacher sent her to the principal's office. 
She got to the principal's office and he said, First off, how do you spell your name? 
She said, F.U. - F.U. 
He said, YOU ARE SUSPENDED!   
The mother said, ''Son don't say piss in church. Next time you have to piss, say, 'whisper' because it is more polite.         
The next Sunday, the litle boy was sitting by his father this time, and once again, he had to go to the bathroom.  
He told his father, ''Daddy I have to whisper.''  
The father said, ''OK. Here, whisper in my ear.''   
A: She had no arms.   
   Because it came out of the pen.   
A: Kids don't eat broccoli.    
The second boy said, My dad can blow smoke rings out of his nose.  
The third boy said, Well, my dad can blow smoke rings out of his butt. 
The first and second boys where amazed. The second boy said, Have you seen him do it? 
No, said the third boy, but I've seen the tobacco stains on his underwear.   
A: He's always playing with Pooh.    
She smiles back, and says, ''Yes, I know...I'm growing boobs too!''   
I just saw one of your garters! 
Get out of my classroom, she yells, I don't want to see  you for three days! 
The teacher turns back to the chalkboard. Realizing she had forgotten to title the assignment, she reaches to the very top of the chalkboard.  Suddenly there is an even louder giggle from another male student. She quickly turns and asks, What's so funny, Billy? 
I just saw both of your garters! 
Again, she yells, Get out of my classroom! This time the punishment is more severe,  I don't want to see you for three weeks! 
Embarrassed and frustrated, she drops the eraser when she turns around again. So she bends over to pick it up. This time there is an burst of laughter from another male student.  She quickly turns to see Little Johnny leaving the classroom. 
Where do you think you're going? she asks. 
From what I just saw, my school days are over!   
Bait!   
A: He wanted to see time fly.   
A: A squirrel on crack.    
The boy nodded in agreement and said, ''But then there wouldn't be a siren.''   
The uncle returned in a short time without Jimmy and without comment, and the game resumed. For the balance of the afternoon, there was no trouble from Jimmy. After the game ended and the players were settling their wins and losses, one of the men asked Jimmy's uncle, What in the world did you do to Jimmy?  
Not much, the boy's uncle replied. I told him how to jerk off.    
 
 A police officer pulled up and asked, ?What's your name??   
 
 ?Shut-up.? 
 
 The officer got angry and asked the same question again and got the same reply.  Finally, he asked  the same question and got the same reply and then   said, ?Boy, are you looking for Trouble??   
 
 And Shut-up said, ?Yeah, that fool stole my ice-cream!?   
 With cell phones.  
His mother runs into the living room, and sees no one there.  Angrily, she says, Listen. You should never lie like that to me again, do you understand!?! 
I'm sorry, says the boy.  I was just kidding. He hanged himself in the basement.   
A: Do these genes make my butt look fat.   
The first two are Tic and Tac. 
What's the third? Peter!  
 Santa Clause wrote him back, Ok, send me your mother.   
A: His teacher said it was a piece of cake.   
Mother: Because he thinks he's a chicken. 
Little girl: Why don't you tell him he's not a chicken?  
Mother: We need the eggs.    
He ran... wouldn't you?   
A: He gave her a ring.    
Is this her first child? the doctor asks.  
No, you idiot! the man shouts. This is her husband!    
A zombie baby in a clown suit!   
He saw the salad dressing!   
A: Your dad's a wanker.   
A beat-up girl scout.   
  A: Climb up a tree and act like a nut.   
 Ripping them off.  The assistant says, ''$2000.''    The man is shocked and asks the assistant why it's so expensive. The assistant explains, ''This parrot is a very special one. He knows typewriting and can type really fast.''      
''What about the green one?'' the man asks.     
The assistant says, ''He costs $5000 because he knows typewriting and can answer incoming telephone calls and takes notes.''      
''What about the red one?'' the man asks.     
The assistant says, ''That one's $10,000.''      
The man says, ''What does HE do?''      
The assistant says, ''I don't know, but the other two call him boss.''   
The little boy looks up at the farmer and says, ''I don't know where you come from, but where I come from we put cream and sugar on our strawberries.'''  
 Shut up and eat your corn flakes.   
A glow worm's never glum.  
 It's hard to be downhearted,  
 When the sun shines out of your bum!    
A pouch potato.   
A: Your bike.   
I can, shouted a blonde. Collieflower!   
One but he has to get it drunk first.   
Why are you laughing? 
It's so small it tickles!  She went to the second girl's door and asked her why she was crying.   
It's so big, I can't get it out!  She went to the third girl's door and asked her why she wasn't saying anything.   
Well, the third girl replied, you've always told me not to talk with my mouth full!   
The little boy, however, was getting more and more distressed from all the laughing, and he was also near tears by the time he reached the pulpit. 
When asked what he was doing, the child sniffed and said, I was being the ring bear.    
Soon they heard some clattering in an adjoining room, but still she did nothing. Finally, after an extra-loud crash, the woman casually told the doctor, I hope you don't mind my Little Johnny playing in there. 
No, not at all, said the doctor calmly.  I'm sure he'll calm down as soon as he finds the poison.   
Vegl dibrogmrn di shtrtl mixtor!   
The next day the kid says, ?Mom were you making fishsticks again??  
And she says ?Why, yes, how did you know, honey?? 
And the kid replies, ?Well, you have a little tarter sauce on your mouth.?   
One day, after Johnny takes the nickel, a neighbor takes him aside and says, Johnny, those boys are making fun of you. Don't you know that a dime is worth more than a nickel, even though the nickel's bigger? 
Johnny grins and says, Well, if I took the dime, they'd stop doing it, and so far I've made $20!    
  Cats keep covering them over with sand.  A: Unique up on it.  
Q: How do you catch a tame rabbit?  
  A: Tame way.    
The mother replied, Because when you were born, a petal fell on your head. 
The next baby walked up and asked, Mummy why is my name Rose? she replied, 
Because when you were born, a rose fell on your head. 
The last baby walked up to her and said, BLAS CLAFLAS YIFRASSAM TASSM POONNFFFIINRTY. 
The mother replied, Please be quiet, Refrigerator.   
The next day the same thing happens, only his mom is taking the shower. He says, ?Mom I know what that is. It's a beaver, but I think grandma's is dead because it's tongue   is hanging out.?  Sunday Mass when he suddenly felt nauseous. 
Mom, I think I'm going to throw up! 
She told him, I want you to run outside as fast as you can.  Run across the lawn and go behind the bushes.  You can throw up behind the bushes and nobody will see you. 
So Little Johnny hauled ass for the door.  Less than a minute later, he returned to his seat next to his mom.  He had the look of obvious relief on his young face. 
Did you make it all the way to the bushes, Johnny? 
I didn't have to go that far, mom.  
Just as I got to the front door, I found a box that had a sign on it:  FOR THE SICK.''   
Arnold: I don't know ma'am. 
Teacher: ''Correct!'''   
His father replies, Well, the dog on top must have hurt his two front paws, and that dog on the bottom is helping him home.  
 
The son says, It figures -- every time you try to help someone out, you always get screwed.    
A: Here comes another a**hole.    
Teacher: Whoever answers the questions I ask first and correctly can leave early today. 
Little Johnny says to himself Good, I want to get outta here. I'm smart and will answer the question. 
Teacher: Who said 'Four Score and Seven Years Ago'? 
Before Johnny can open his mouth, Susie says, Abraham Lincoln. 
Teacher: That's right Susie, you can go home. 
Johnny is MAD that Susie answered the question first. 
Teacher: Who said 'I Have a Dream'? 
Before Johnny can open his mouth, Mary says, Martin Luther King. 
Teacher: That's right Mary, you can go. 
Johnny is even madder than before. 
Teacher: Who said 'Ask not, what your country can   do for you'? 
Before Johnny can open his mouth, Nancy says,  John F. Kennedy. 
Teacher: That's right  Nancy, you may also leave. 
Johnny is BOILING mad that he has not been able to answer to any of the questions. 
When the teacher turns her back Johnny says, I wish these bitches would keep their mouths shut! 
The teacher turns around: NOW WHO SAID THAT?!?! 
Johnny: BILL CLINTON.  CAN I GO NOW?   
 You''re telling me, I have to walk out of them by myself!   
Two janitors outside heard the teacher and one said to the other, ''Jeez, she better stop telling the kids about her mental problems!''   
My goldfish died, replied Nancy tearfully, without looking up, and I've just buried him. 
The neighbor was concerned, That's an awfully big hole for a goldfish, isn't it? 
 Nancy patted down the last heap of earth and then replied, That's because he's inside your stupid cat.   
Bad news, the lawyer said. There are only two parachutes. You and me will go. 
What about the boy? asks Michael. 
Screw the boy!  
Do we have time?   
A: Because it has a lot of problems.   
A: Cancer.    
A: I take off my shoes when I jump on a trampoline.   
Son, I won't tell you the dictionary definition in fear that   it will confuse you. But to help you out, I'll give you something to do. Go ask your mother if   she will sleep with a bum for $500,000 and ask your sister is she'll sleep with the garbageman for the same amount.  So, the little boy goes up to his mom. 
Mommy, would you ever sleep with a bum for $500,000?   
You bet your ass I would! exclaims the mother.  So the little boy goes up to his sister's   bedroom. 
Hey sis, would you sleep with the garbageman for $500,000? 
I sure would! exclaims his sister.   
Dad, Dad! Mom and sis both said they would. What does that mean? 
Well, son, the father says. Technically, we're millionares but in reality we live with a couple of dirty whores!   
May I speak to your parents? 
They're busy. 
Oh. Is anybody else there? 
The police. 
Can I speak to them? 
They're busy. 
Oh. Is anybody else there? 
The firemen. 
Can I speak to them? 
They're busy. 
So let me get this straight -- your parents, the police, and the firemen are there, but they're all busy? What are they doing? 
Looking for me.   
The teacher frowned and passed him by.   No kids, however, could offer her a solution.  Finally she glared at Johnny and called on him. 
Johnny put on his devlish grin and said, An F-word that rhymes with duck is.... fluctuation. 
The teacher blurted out, No Johnny, that's sucks! I'm so sick of telling you what a little frigging a**hole you are!   
A: Dam.    
A:  Jose.   
Can you guess what it is? 
I don't know, said the boy. 
I'll give you a hint. It's something your daddy asks your mommy for every morning. 
The girl next to the boy says Don't eat it. It's a piece of ass.   
Yes, the girl says. But I didn't have to go all the way around the back. There was a box near the front door that said 'For the Sick.'    
2. A 3-year-old is louder than 200 adults in a crowded restaurant. 
3. If you spray hair spray on dust bunnies and run over them with roller blades, they can ignite.  
4. If you hook a dog leash over a ceiling fan, the motor is not strong enough to rotate a 42-pound boy wearing Batman underwear and a superman cape. It is strong enough, however, to spread paint on all four walls of a large room.  
5. When using the ceiling fan as a baseball bat, you have to throw the ball up a few times before you get a hit. A ceiling fan can hit a baseball a long way.  
6. The glass in windows (even double pane) doesn't stop a baseball hit by a ceiling fan.  
7. When you hear the toilet flush and the words Uh-oh, it's already too late.  
8. Brake fluid mixed with Clorox makes smoke, and lots of it.  
9. A six-year-old can start a fire with a flint rock even though a 36-year-old man says they can only do it in the movies. A magnifying glass can start a fire even on an overcast day.  
10. Certain Legos will pass through the digestive tract of a six-year-old.  
11. Play-Doh and microwave should never be used in the same sentence.  
12. Super glue is forever.  
13. No matter how much Jell-O you put in a swimming pool you still can't walk on water.  
14. Pool filters do not like Jell-O.  
15. VCRs do not eject PB&amp;J sandwiches even though TV commercials show they do.  
16. A king size waterbed holds enough water to fill a 2000 sq. foot house 4 inches deep.  
17. Marbles in gas tanks make lots of noise in a moving car.  
18. You probably do not want to know what that odor is.  
19. Always look in the oven before you turn it on. Plastic toys do not like ovens.  
20. The spin cycle on the washing machine does not make earthworms dizzy. It will, however, make cats dizzy.  
21. Cats spit up twice their body weight when dizzy.   
A: Bison   
At Sundae school.   
No, of course not. Now shut up and comb your face.   
A: Because seven ate nine.   
A: Jammies   
 Because they're happy, the mom replied.     
Halfway through the wedding, the girl whispered, Mommy, if brides wear white because they're happy, then why do grooms wear black?    
ABCDEFGHIJLKMNOQRSTUVWXYZ. 
His teacher said, Very good, Wilfred. But you forgot the P. Where's the P? 
He replied, It's running down my leg.   
Mary, who created the heavens and the earth? 
William, who is sitting behind Mary, pokes her in the butt with his pencil.  Mary wakes up and shouts, God almighty!  
And the teacher says, Yes. That's correct, Mary.   
Mary goes back to sleep and the teacher asks her another question. 
Who died on the cross for our sins? 
 William pokes Mary again. She wakes up and shouts, Jesus Christ! 
Once again, she goes back to sleep. This time the teacher asks, Mary, what was the first thing Eve said to Adam? 
William pokes her again. Mary wakes up and shouts, If you don't stop poking me with that thing, I'm gonna break it off!      
A: Elf-elf-a   
You wanna hear a clean joke?  
 He took a bath.    
I'm free, I'm free! he shouted. 
So what, said a little girl. I'm four.    
Every student knew that she loved the Mets, so they replied bye raising their hands, except for one girl, Rosie.  
The teacher asked, Who do you like, little girl? Rosie replied, I'm a Yankees fan and I hate the Mets. 
The teacher asked why and Rosie told her that her parents were Yankees fans, so she was too.  The  teacher said to the class, So if Rosie's parents were idiots, what would that make her?  
Rosie chimed in, A Mets fan!!!   
Sally told Joey what was happeing, but he didn't quite understand, so she showed him her problem.  
Joey said, I'm no doctor, but it looks like someone ripped your balls off!    
A: Stuck   
A: He heard they were playing Parcheesi!   
Baby bear started to cry .  Whats wrong? the judge asked baby bear.   
I dont want to live with mama bear, she abuses me! said baby bear.   
Then, you can live with papa bear said the judge.   
Baby bear started to cry even harder  the judge asked him, Whats wrong?  Baby bear replied,  I dont want to live with papa bear he abuses me even more than mama bear does. 
 Then who do you want to live with? asked the judge.   
Baby bear replied, I want to live with the Baylor Bears, because they don't beat anyone!   
  A few days later, the teacher asked the boy to recite the sentence out loud.  
 The boy nervously replied, ''Bob gave Dick a poke in the side because the bunny wasn't cooked enough.''   
One day a medical professor and his class were standing over a corpse and the professor said ''There are two things to being a medical forensicist. First: Don't fear anything.''     
After saying that, the professor shoved his middle finger up the corpse's anus and licked it. He then told the class to do the same.  
After hesitating, they all did it.    
''Next,'' the professor said, ''you have to have a key observation finger. Thus, I licked my index finger.''  
','0');
Scary Stages of College

You know you're in trouble when... 
1. The McDonald's people know you by name from late night study breaks.  
2.  You have spent more time figuring out that you only need a 54% to pass the final than you have actually spent studying.  
3. The college drunk confronts you and says: Don't you think you should get to work now? 
4. Your study schedule is based on the rationale that you might actually die before the test!  
5. Your parents inquire about your grades and you sing the Cookie Monster song: C is for cookie, that's good enough for me...  
6. Mom calls to ask how you've been, and you immediately scream, Get off my back, b*#%h!  
','0');
Two Southern Ladies

Two southern ladies are sitting at the country club by the pool. The first southern lady says When I had my first child my husband bought me a diamond ring.  The second lady says Well isn't that nice. 
  The first lady says, When my second child was born, my husband took me on a cruise.  The second lady says,''well isn't that nice   The first lady continues, When my third child was born, my husband took me on a trip around the world.  And the second lady says, once again, Well, isn't that nice. 
  The first lady asks, Well, what did your husband get you when your first child was born? The second lady repiles, My husband sent me to finishing school. The first lady asks, Well why did he do that?  And the second lady says, So I could learn to say ?Well isn't that nice,? instead of ?F**K YOU?!  
','0');
Men vs. Women vs. the Short Story

Remember the book Men are from Mars Womenare from Venus? Well, here's a prime example offered by an English professor atSouthern Methodist University: 
In-class Assignment for Wednesday: 
Today we will experiment with a new form called the tandem story. The process is simple.  Each person will pair off with the person sitting to his other immediate right.  One of you will then write the first paragraph of a short story.  The partner will read the first paragraph and then add another paragraph to the story.  The first person will then add a third paragraph, and so on back and forth.  Remember to re-read what has been written each time in order to keep the story coherent. The story is over when both agree a conclusion has been reached. The following was actually turned in by two of my  English students, Rebecca [last name deleted] and Gary [last namedeleted.]  
At first, Laurie couldn't decide which kind of tea she wanted. The chamomile, which used to be her favorite for lazy evenings at home, now reminded her too much of Carl, who once said, in happier times, that he liked chamomile.  But she felt she must now, at all costs, keep her mind off Carl.  His possessiveness was suffocating, and if she thought about him too much her asthma started acting up again.  So chamomile was out of the question. 
Meanwhile, Advance Sergeant Carl Harris, leader of the attack squadron now in orbit over Skylon 4, had more important things to think about than the neuroses of an air-headed asthmatic bimbo named Laurie with whom he had spent one sweaty night over a year ago.  A.S. Harris to Geostation 17, he said into his transgalactic communicator.  Polar orbit established.  No sign of resistance so far... But before he could sign off, a bluish particle beam flashed out of nowhere and blasted a hole through his ship's cargo bay.  The jolt from the direct hit sent him flying out of his seat and across the cockpit. 
He bumped his head and died almost immediately, but not before he felt one last pang of regret for psychically brutalizing the one woman who had ever had feelings for him.  Soon afterwards, Earth stopped its pointless hostilities towards the peaceful farmers of Skylon 4. Congress Passes Law Permanently Abolishing War and Space Travel, Laurie read in her newspaper one morning.  The news simultaneously excited  her and bored her. She stared out the window, dreaming of her youth  -- when the days had passed unhurriedly and carefree with no newspapers to read, no television to distract her from her sense of innocent wonder at all the beautiful things around her.  Why must one lose one's innocence to become a woman? she pondered wistfully. 
Little did she know, but she had less than 10 seconds to live.  Thousands of miles above the city, the Au'udrian mothership launched the first of its lithium fusion missiles.  The dim-witted wimpy peaceniks who pushed the Unilateral Aerospace Disarmament Treaty through Congress had left Earth a defenseless  target for the hostile alien empires who were determined to destroy the human race. Within two hours after the passage of the treaty the Anu'udrian ships were on course for Earth, carrying enough firepower to pulverize the entire planet.  With no one to stop them, they swiftly initiated their diabolical plan. The lithium fusion missile entered the atmosphere unimpeded. The President, in his top-secret mobile submarine headquarters on the ocean floor off the coast of Guam, felt the inconceivably massive explosion which vaporized Laurie and 85 million other Americans.  The President slammed his fist on the conference table. We can't allow this!  I'm going to veto that treaty! Let's blow'em out of the sky! 
This is absurd.  I refuse to continue this mockery of literature. My writing partner is a violent, chauvinistic, semi-literate adolescent. 
Yeah?  Well, you're a self-centered tedious neurotic whose attempts at writing are the literary equivalent of Valium. 
Asshole. 
Bitch.  
','0');
W.I.F.E.

Two guys and a girl were sitting at a bar talking about their jobs. One guy says ''I'm a YUPPIE...ya know...Young Urban Professional.  The second guy says ''I'm a DINK ...ya know...Double Income No Kids.'' They asked the woman ''What are you?''  
 She replied...  ''I'm a WIFE...ya know... WASH  IRON F**K ETC.''  
','0');
Harvard Graduate

How do you get a Harvard graduate off your porch?        
 Pay him for the pizza.   
','0');
Smart Fish

Q: Why are fish so smart? 
A: They live in schools.   
','0');
Yo' Mama Is So Stupid... Free Press

Yo' Mama is so stupid she stole the free press.  
','0');
Final Exam Failure

Last semester I took macroeconomics and didn't have a clue what I was doing (as cited on the final exam). There were 80 multiple choice questions. For some reason I decided to play the game of probability and choose the letter A for everything. In that game the only thing probable was that I failed.  
The following day, the professor asked to see me after class. Is everything okay? Sure, I said, why? Well, here's your test, he said and handed me a piece of paper that was covered with red ink. Can you explain why you chose an 'A' for everything?  
Knowing that there was nothing I could do at this point, I said, Well, I've always wanted to be an 'A' student.  
','0');
Two fraternity brothers...

Two fraternity brothers decide to go sailing one afternoon and become lost. After twenty hours with nothing to eat or drink one of them spots a lamp floating by. He picks it up and a genie pops out. The genie notices the poor condition of the brothers and grants them one wish between the two of them.  
After a lot of arguing over who gets the wish, one of them blurts out, I wish the ocean was made of beer.  
Magically, the ocean turns to beer.   
Infuriated, the other guy yells, You idiot! Now we have to piss in the boat!   
','0');
William Wilson: Graduate Church

I used to wonder how come you can't graduate church? It ain't but one book -- can't we finish this one book?  
','0');
Signs Your Amish Teen's In Trouble

 
10. Sometimes stays in bed till after 6 am.   
9. In his sock drawer, you find pictures of women  without bonnets.   
8. Shows up at barn raisings in full Kiss  makeup.   
7. When you criticize him, he yells, Thou  sucketh!   
6. His name is Jebediah, but he goes by Jeb  Daddy.   
5. Defiantly says, If I had a radio, I'd listen  to disco!.   
4. You come upon his secret stash of colorful socks.   
3. Uses slang expression: Talk to the hand, cause  the beard ain't listening.   
2. Was recently pulled over for driving under the  influence of cottage cheese.   
1. He's wearing his big black hat backwards.  
','0');
Signs You Have a Hangover

 You're convinced that chirping birds are Satan's pets. Trying to gain control of the situation, you continue to tell your room to stay still. Looking at yourself in the mirror induces the same reaction as chugging a glass of fresh paint.You'd rather have a pencil jammed up your nose than be exposed to sunlight. You set aside an entire morning to spend some quality time with your toilet. You replace the traditional praying on your knees with the more feasible praying in a fetal position. The bathroom reminds you of a carnival barker shouting, Step right up and give it whirl!All day long your motto is, Never again. You could purchase a new bike just by recycling the bottles around your bed. Your natural response to Good morning, is Shut up! 
','0');
Signs You've Been Partying Too Much

1. With a little effort you could pull the bags under your eyes over your head.
 2. When the professor calls out your name during attendance, you rhythmically cry out In da' house!
 3. Your dirty laundry has become the closest thing to wall-to-wall carpeting.
 4. Every study group you join gets fed up with your need to take a break for techno and grinding.
 5. All your stories begin with, I was so wasted...
 6. Your Native American name would've been Man of Running Body Fluids.
 7. You refer to sunlight as a that bright s**t.
 8. You look forward to the weekdays as a time to relax.
 9. Whenever you see a blinking Do Not Walk sign, you think how great it would look if you were on ecstasy.
 10. All your stories end with, ...and that's when everything got blurry.  
','0');
Yo' Mama Is So Stupid... Ruler

Yo' Mama is so stupid she put a ruler next to her bed to see how long she sleeps.  
','0');
Pros/Cons of a Threesome

Advantages
 1. It can get really weird 
 2. Someone can go for beer without interrupting the proceedings 
 3. There's always a hand or mouth free when you need one 
 4. Motel rooms split 3 ways are only $13 
 5. You get to watch your best friends making love
 6. You get to get watched making love 
 7. Simultaneous enjoying intercourse and oral sex has to be experienced to be believed 
 8. You get strange looks when you all go out dancing 
 9. You get really strange looks when you all go out comparison shopping for condoms 
  10. Enough people to play gin rummy if things don't work out 
 11. You can safely check yourself for any homosexual tendencies without actually doing anything about it 
 12. Calling out the wrong name during climax isn't as much of a problem, the wrong name is probably the one on your left 
 13. Three-person showers are fantastic 
  14. Three-person naked belly laughs are even better 
 15. Three-person kisses are best  
Disadvantages 1. It can get really weird 
 2. Tougher for three people to decide on pizza toppings 
 3. Simultaneous orgasms are even trickier to pull off 
 4. You may harbor paranoid thoughts that while you're in the bathroom; the other two are giggling over the pimple on your butt 
 5. Trying to find safe places to put your elbows 
 6. You get to find out what kind of really sick things your friends like 
 7. Queen-sized beds are suddenly smaller than you remember them 
 8. Trying to fit 3 names in the little heart when drawing on your notebooks 
 9. Morning breath multiplied by 3 
 10. You might discover homosexual tendencies you didn't suspect or want 
 11. You might discover homosexual tendencies in one of your friends you didn't suspect or want 
 12. You have the option of wrecking twice the normal number of relationships 
 13. The odds of boyfriends/spouses walking in on you triple 
 14. Sorting clothes quickly when the significant other walks in assumes comical proportions
  15. Now there are two wet spots to avoid.  
','0');
Yo' Mama Is So Stupid... Cheap Thoughts

Yo' Mama is so stupid if I gave her a penny for her thoughts I'd expect change.  
','0');
Concise Creative Writing

A university creative writing class is asked to write essays containing these four elements: religion royalty sex and mystery.
 
 The prize-winning essay reads: My God said the Queen I'm pregnant. I wonder whose it is?  
','0');
Ways To Annoy Bathroom Friends

1.Stick your palm open under the stall wall and ask your neighbor ''May I borrow a highlighter?''     
 2. ''Uh-oh, I knew I shouldn't put my lips on that.''      
 3. Cheer and clap loudly every time somebody breaks the silence with a bodily function noise.     
 4.  ''Hmmm, I've never seen that color before.''     
 5. ''Damn, this water is cold.''     
 6. Grunt and strain real loud for 30 seconds and then drop a cantaloupe into the toilet bowl from a high place and sigh relaxingly.     
 7. ''Now how did that get there?''     
 8. ''Hummus. Reminds me of hummus.''     
 9. Fill up a large flask with Mountian Dew. Squirt it erratically under the stall walls of your neighbors while yelling,''Whoa! Easy boy!!''     
 10. '' Interesting....more sinkers than floaters''     
 11. Using a small squeeze tube, spread peaunt butter on a wad of toliet paper and drop under the stall wall of your neighbor. Then say,''Whoops, could you kick that back over here, please?     
 12.  ''C'mon Mr. Happy! Don't fall asleep on me!!     
 13.  ''Boy, that sure looks like a maggot''     
 14. ''Damn, I knew that drain hole was a little too small. Now what am I gonna do?''     
 15. Play a well-known drum cadence over and over again on your butt cheeks.     
 16. Before you unroll toliet paper, conspicusly lay down your ''Cross-Dressers Anonymous'' newsletter on the floor visiable to the adjacent stall.     
 17. Lower a small mirror underneath the stall wall and adjust it so you can see your neighbor and say, ''Peek-a-boo!''     
 18. Drop a D-cup bra on the floor under the stall wall and sing ''Born Free.''  
','0');
Signs you're watching too much TV

 The bumper sticker on your car reads: What Would Dawson Do? In the middle of an exam, you tell the professor you want to use a lifeline. You need to be tranquilized when the cable goes out. In the late evening, you look forward to sitting back and catching the latest informercial. If you're a witness to an argument, you instinctually shout, Jer-ry! Jer-ry! Jer-ry! You try to impress the opposite sex by saying, Hey, I get 120 channels! Your entire CD collection consists of Greatest Hits albums by the decade. You have a gold-plated clicker.Your intellectual discussions all stem from The Discovery Channel.After 15 minutes of work, you need a two-minute break. 
','0');
Sorority and Circus

What's the difference between a sorority and a circus?
 
 A circus has a cunning array of stunts  
','0');
Law School for Nuns

What do you call a nun who just passed her bar exam?     
A sister-in-law.  
','0');
Mouse Hole

This guy was having a problem with mice in his apartment. Dude he told a friend I've tried everything and those damn mice keep coming back. I had the same thing man his friend says. All you have to do is stuff steel wool in their little holes. That's it? the guy asked. I'll do it tonight if it means getting rid of the damn rodents.  
About a week later the guy gets a call. How's it going with the mice, buddy? Not so good, dude. What's the problem? his friend asks. To be honest, I'm having a lot of trouble holding their little legs apart.  
','0');
Amsterdam Semester Abroad

Possible Courses: 
ESSENTIALS OF BONG DESIGN: Discover earth, water, wind, and fire as the tools you'll need to get rid of your syllabus... some killer hashish. 
 SMUGGLING 101: Who says the party's over? Years of commerce have made this Northern culture an expert at turning a rectum into a set of luggage.  
MEDIEVAL CONDOM USE: Even Sir Lancelot had a rash. Discover how centuries of crotch scratchers protected their privates with specially designed shields.  
THE DEVELOPMENT OF PUKE: Our native-born instructors take students from heaving to hurling.  
ARCHITECTURE OF EARLY MODERN BROTHELS: With the aid of walking tours and guest hooker lecturers. 
Thousands of foreign students are discovering the joyous wonder of learning about another culture while being stoned off their ass! Just listen to what these former students had to say: Yeah, man. -- Sully, 20 Amsterdam was... dude, I'm really hungry. -- Daphne Ocampo, 19  
','0');
Jock vs. Nerd

   
$ Michael Jordan having retired,  with $40 million in endorsements, makes $178,100 a day, working or not.   
$ If he sleeps 7 hours a night, he makes  $52,000 every night while visions of sugarplums dance in his head.   
$ If he goes to see a movie, it'll cost him  $7.00, but he'll make $18,550 while he's there.   
$ If he decides to have a 5 minute egg, he'll  make $618 while boiling it.   
$ He makes $7,415/hr more than minimum wage.   
$ He'll make $3,710 while watching each  episode of Friends.   
$ If he wanted to save up for a new Acura NSX  ($90,000) it would take him a whole 12 hours.   
$ If someone were to hand him his salary and  endorsement money, they would have to do it at the rate of $2.00 every second.   
$ He'll probably pay around $200 for a nice  round of golf, but will be reimbursed $33,390 for that round.   
$ Assuming he puts the federal maximum of 15%  of his income into a tax deferred account (401k), his contributions will hit the federal  cap of $9500 at 8:30 a.m. on January 1st.   
$ If you were given a penny for every 10  dollars he made, you 'd be living comfortably at $65,000 a year.   
$ He'll make about $19.60 while watching the  100 meter dash in the Olympics, and about $15,600 during the Boston Marathon.   
$ While the common person is spending about  $20 for a meal in his trendy Chicago restaurant, he'll pull in about $5600.   
$ This year, he'll make more than twice as  much as all U.S. past presidents for all of their terms combined.   
Amazing isn't it?  However...   
$ If Jordan saves 100% of his income for the  next 450 years, he'll still have less than Bill Gates has today.   
$$$ Game over.  Nerd wins.  
','0');
U. Michigan/Ohio State

 
    An OHIO STATE UNIVERSITYmortician student walked into the embalming room where a cadaver was lying on the table.  Confident that he knew enough now to begin the procedure without his instructor, hebegan to examine the body.  When he rolled it over he was shocked to see a cork inthe man's butt.  Mystified, he pulled out the cork and immediately heard theUniversity of Michigan fight song come out of the guy's butt. Shaken by what had happenedhe quickly shoved the cork back into it's original resting place. 
    He then ran to get hisinstructor, nervously shouting,  Sir, you must come, you won't believe what Idiscovered! 
    Annoyed by theinterruption, he said, Let's take a look at this astounding discovery. 
    When they entered themorgue, the teacher was also surprised to see the cork, so he approached the table andpromptly removed the cork.  Upon hearing the University of Michigan fight song hequickly replaced the cork in the cadavers butt and said, What's so surprising aboutthat?  I've heard thousands of assholes sing that song!  
','0');
Worst Comments to Get on Your Finals

10. See me after class. 
 9. Did you even read the material? 
 8. It's a C, but it's a strong C. 
 7. Fascinatingly convoluted. 
 6. My, what nice, big margins! 
 5. You must've been up all last night. 
 4. The book ends differently than the movie. 
 3. Spelling requires more than just sounding it out. 
 2. Are you familiar with the term plagiarism? 
 1. Tell your mom to try harder.  
','0');
Bubba and Tiny Go on Probation

Two football players Bubba and Tiny were taking an important exam. If they failed they would be on academic probation and not allowed to play in the big game the following week. 
The exam was ?fill in the blank? and the last question read, ?Old MacDonald had a_____.? Bubba was stumped -- he had no idea what to answer, but he knew he needed to get this one right to be sure he passed.  
Making sure the professor wasn't watching, he tapped Tiny in the shoulder. ?Tiny, what's the answer to the last question??  Tiny laughed, then looked around to make sure the professor hadn't noticed. He turned to Bubba and said, ?Bubba, you're so stupid. Everyone knows that Old MacDonald had a FARM.?  
?Oh yeah,? said Bubba, ?I remember now.? he picked up his No. 2 pencil and started to write the answer in the blank. Then he stopped. Tapping Tiny on the shoulder, he whispered, ?Tiny, how do you spell farm??   
?You are really dumb, Bubba. that's so easy,? hissed Tiny, ?farm is spelled ?E-I-E-I-O?.?  
','0');
Mermaid Wishes

Three fishermen catch a mermaid. If they agree to set her free she will grant them each a wish.
 
 The first guy says OK I want you to double my I.Q. Immediately the guy recites Shakespeare flawlessly.
 
 The second guy asks the mermaid to triple his I.Q. Suddenly he's spouting complicated mathematical solutions.
 
 Impressed the last guy asks the mermaid to quintuple his I.Q. The mermaid hesitates and asks Are you sure that's what you really want?
 
 Absolutely! says the man.
 
 The mermaid smiles. Instantly the third man turns into a woman.  
','0');
Relieving Stress in Class

1. Leave permanent markers by the dry-erase board.
 2. Ask whether the first chapter will be on the test. If the professor says no, rip the pages out of your textbook.
 3. Hold up a piece of paper that says in large letters CHECK YOUR FLY. (At Least for the Male profs.)
 4. Address the professor as your excellency.
 5. When the professor turns on his laser pointer, scream AAAGH! MY EYES!
 6. Relive your Junior High days by leaving chalk stuffed in the chalkboard erasers.
 7. Sit in the front, sniff suspiciously, and ask the professor if he's been drinking.
 8. Correct the professor at least ten times on the pronunciation of your name, even it's Smith. Claim that the i is silent.
 9. Sit in the front row reading the professor's graduate thesis and snickering.
 10. Feign an unintelligible accent and repeatedly ask, Vet ozzle haffen dee henvay? Become agitated when the professor can't understand you.
 11. Wink at the professor every few minutes. (Hey you might even get a dateif he/she is cute.)
 12. Every few minutes, take a sheet of notebook paper, write Signup Sheet#5 at the top, and start passing it around the room.
 13. Start a wave in a large lecture hall.  
','0');
Einsteinium

Albert Einstein used to go to dinners where he was invited to give a speech. One day on his way to one of those dinners he told his chauffeur (who looked exactly like him) that he was dead tired of giving the same speech dinner after dinner. 
Well, said the chaffeur, I've got a good idea. Why don't I give the speech since I've heard it so many times?'' So Albert's chauffeur gave the speech perfectly and even answered a few questions. Then, a professor stood up and asked him a really tough question about anti-matter which the chauffeur couldn't answer 
Sir, the answer to your question is so easy that I'll let my chauffeur answer it!  
','0');
Rejected Science Fair Projects

-- just HOW poisonous are poisonous snakes?
 -- Which household products are most flammable?
 -- Which hurts more: falling off the slide or being pushed off the slide?
 -- Which tools are sharper: kitchen or garage?
 -- can sharks hunt a human?
 -- What happens if I stick my hand in this?
 -- HOW many ways can you break an arm over summer vacation?
 -- HOW many goldfish does it take to screw in a light bulb?
 -- can dogs fly?  
','0');
Taxi Fare

A frat boy gets into the back of a cab and asks the cabbie Do you have enough room up there for a pizza and a six pack of beer? 
The cabbie says, Sure. So the frat boy leans forward and throws up.  
','0');
Cereal Killer

Q: What is the difference between Cheerios and Georgia Tech? 
A: Cheerios belong in a bowl.  
','0');
Yo' Mama Is So Stupid... Boyz II Men

Yo' Mama is so stupid she thought Boyz II Men was a military academy.  
','0');
Yo' Mama Is So Stupid... Useless

Yo' Mama is so stupid she's as useless as a screen door on a submarine.  
','0');
College Grads

 
A graduate with a science degree asks Why does it work? 
A graduate with an engineering degree asks, How does it work?  
A graduate with an accounting degree asks, How much it cost? 
A graduate with a liberal arts degree asks, Do you want fries with that?  
','0');
Survival of the Fittest Brain Cells

 
    A herd of buffalo can only move as fastas the slowest buffalo, and when the herd is hunted, it is the slowest and weakest ones atthe back of the herd that are killed first.  This natural selection is good for theherd as a whole, because the general speed and health of the whole herd is maintained oreven improved by the regular killing of the weakest members. In much the same way, thehuman brain can operate only as fast as the slowest brain cells through which theelectrical signals pass.  
Recent emiological studies have shown that while excessive intake of alcohol kills off brain cells, it attacks the slowest and weakest brain cells first.   Thus, regular consumption of spirits helps eliminate the weaker cells, constantly making the brain a faster and more efficient machine. The result of this in-depth study verifies and validates the causal link between all-weekend parties and job-related performance. It also explains why, after a few short years of completing universitystudies and then getting married and settling down, most professionals cannot keep up withthe performance of the new graduates.  Only those few that stick to the strictregimen of voracious alcoholic consumption can maintain the intellectual levels that theyachieved during their university years. 
    So, this is a call to arms.  As ourcountry is losing its technological edge we should not shudder in our homes.  But getback into the bars  and pubs and quaff that pint!  Your company and your countryneeds you to be at your peak, and at your best, and you shouldn't deny yourself the careeropportunities that you could achieve through excessive alcohol consumption.  Takelife by the bottle and be all that you can be! And remember a good  cold beer willkill those bad, useless brain cells that are slowing you  down and it will make thenecessary room needed to get the good brain cells up front and at the top ready to performat their best.  So bottoms up, down  the hatch, look out brain it's coming fast!  
','0');
Manchester United Fans and Light Bulbs

Q: How many Manchester United fans does it take to change a light bulb?
 
 A: Two. One to change the light bulb and one to drive down to Kent to pick him up.  
','0');
Two retired professors were vacationing

Two retired professors were vacationing with their wives at a hotel in the Catskills. They were sitting on the veranda one summer evening watching the sun set. 
The history professor asked the psychology professor, Have you read Marx? 
To which the professor of psychology replied, Yes and I think it's these pesky wicker chairs.  
','0');
California

Q: How many Northern Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 
A: Hella.  
','0');
Pleasure vs. Disgrace

The dean of a women's college addressing her charges concluded ...and  remember young ladies you represent not only your own honor but that  of the school.  When approached by young men ask yourself:  Is an  hour's pleasure worth a lifetime of disgrace?  Now are there any  questions? 
A young lady immediately raised her hand and said, Tell me, how do you make it last an hour?  
','0');
D.A.M.

Q: What does D.A.M stand for? 
A: Mothers Against Dyslexia.   
','0');
Late for School

Mother: Come on Victor you have to get out of bed or you'll be late for school.
 
 Victor: Mom do I have to? All the teachers hate me and all the students hate me too.
 
 Mother: Yes you do.
 
 Victor: Give me one good reason.
 
 Mother: Because you're 34 years old and you're the principal.  
','0');
Bill Torres: Latino SAT Scores

I just read Latino high school kids came in fifth on their SATs. Number one was Chinese -- OK. Number two was whites -- OK. Number three was blacks -- OK. Number four were 'others.' Damn! A whole race of people defeated by a pronoun.  
','0');
Special High Intensity Teaching

In order to assure the highest levels of quality work and productivity from students it will be our policy to keep all students well taught through our program of SPECIAL HIGH INTENSITY TEACHING (S.H.I.T.).  
We are trying to give our students more S.H.I.T. than any other schools. If you feel that you do not receive your share of S.H.I.T. on the course, please see your lecturer. You will immediately placed at the top of the S.H.I.T. list and our lecturers are especially skilled at seeing you get all the S.H.I.T. you can handle.  
Students who don't know S.H.I.T. will be placed in DEPARTMENTAL EDUCATIONAL EVALUATION PROGRAMS (D.E.E.P. S.H.I.T.).  
Those who fail to take D.E.E.P. S.H.I.T. seriously will have to go to EDUCATIONAL ATTITUDE TRAINING (E.A.T. S.H.I.T.). Since our lecturers took S.H.I.T. before they graduated, they don't have to do S.H.I.T. anymore, as they are all full of S.H.I.T. already. If you are full of S.H.I.T., you may be intersted in a job teaching others. We can add your name to our BASIC UNDERSTANDING LECTURE LIST (B.U.L.L. S.H.I.T.). 
For students who are attending to pursue a carrier in management and consultancy, we will refer you to the department of MANAGERIAL OPERATIONAL RESEARCH EDUCATION (M.O.R.E. S.H.I.T.). This course emphasizes on how to manage M.O.R.E. S.H.I.T.  
If you have further questions, please direct them to our HEAD OF TEACHING SPECIAL HIGH INTENSITY TRAINING (H.O.T. S.H.I.T.) Thank you, BOSS IN GENERAL SPECIAL HIGH INTENSITY TRAINING (B.I.G. S.H.I.T.) Thank you, BOSS IN GENERAL SPECIAL HIGH INTENSITY TRAINING (B.I.G. S.H.I.T.)  
Sincerely, Dean B. Reel  
','0');
Three Types of Sex

There are three types of sex in a marriage.   The first one is Kitchen Sex. This is when you are newlyweds and you're still having fun so you do it anywhere anytime - but mostly the kitchen.  
The second type is Bedroom Sex.  This is when you have settled down a bit and probably have kids, so you can't do it anywhere except the bedroom.    
The third type of sex is Hallway Sex.  This is when you pass each other in the hall and say, ''Screw you.''     
But there's also a fourth kind called Courtroom Sex.  This is when you are getting a divorce and you try to screw each other in public.  
','0');
Drinking Game: Big Lebowski

The way this game works is every time the word f**k is used (in any form ex. f**king f**ker etc.) or the word dude (in any form ex. his dudeliness the dudester etc.) is used you take a drink. If you've seen the movie you'll know that after five minutes of playing you should be dialing 9-1-1. The main character's name is Dude and swearing especially with the f-word is quite excessive. Because both dude and f**k are used so much during the movie that we altered the rules to include that you can choose to only drink when one or the other word is said.  
I can promise you this: Playing this game makes the movie make a lot more sense.  
','0');
Big Ten Alumni Mountain Climbing Trip

Four college alumni were climbing a mountain one day. Each was from a different Big Ten school and each proclaimed to be the most loyal of all fans at their alma mater. 
As they climbed higher, they argued as to which one of them was the most loyal of all. They continued to argue all the way up the mountain, and finally as they reached the top, the Boilermaker hurled himself off the mountain, shouting, This is for Purdue! as he fell to his doom. 
Not wanting to be out done, the Wildcat threw  himself off the mountain proclaiming, This is for Northwestern! 
Seeing this, the Buckeye walked over and shouted, This is for everyone!!! and pushed the Wolverine off the side of the mountain.  
','0');
Legend of the Maidens

An Auburn student spent a holiday in New Mexico with Native Americans who told him the Legend of the Maidens.  
The tale went this way:  There are beautiful maidens who live in the cracks and crevices in this valley.  If you hear them call, 'Woo Woo,' take off your clothes quickly and enter the cave. They will show you a fabulous time! 
      Several days later, the headlines in the local newspaper read: Body of Naked Auburn Student found in Tunnel, Run Over by Train.  
','0');
Drivers Education Exam Answers

Q: Who has the right of way when four cars approach a four-way stop at the same time?
 A: The pick-up truck with the gun rack and the bumper sticker saying Guns don't kill people. I do.
 
 Q: When driving through fog what should you use?
 A: Your steering wheel.
 
 Q: What is the difference between a flashing red traffic light and a flashing yellow traffic light?
 A: The color.
 
 Q: How do you deal with heavy traffic?
 A: Heavy psychedelics.  
','0');
College Roast

Q: How do you get a Maryland graduate off your porch?
 A: Pay for the pizza. 
Q: Why did Clemson choose orange as a school color?
 A: So that the football team could wear it to the game on Saturday, hunting on Sunday, and picking up garbage for the rest of the week. 
Q: Why did O.J. Simpson go to Raliegh, NC in the Ford Bronco?
 A: He knew that the police would never look there for a Heisman Trophy winner. 
Q: What are the longest three years of a Duke player's life?
 A: His freshman year. 
Q: Why did Georgia Tech replace the grass in its football stadium with astroturf?
 A: They didn't want the cheerleaders to graze at halftime. 
Q: Why do Wake Forest cheerleaders wear bibs?
 A: To keep the tobacco juice off the uniforms. 
Q: How many Duke freshmen does it take to change a lightbulb?
 A: None, because that's a sophomore course at Florida State and Virginia.  
','0');
Well Endowed and On the Prowl

A guy went to a whore house and asked the lady if she had a woman that could handle 16 inches. 
Hmm, said the madam. I'm not sure. Try the first door on the right. So the guy went inside, stuck it in, and immediately heard screams. 
It's too big! Take it out! So he went to the madam.  
No, really. I need someone who can handle 16 inches. 
Hmm, said the madam. Try the last door. So the guy went inside, stuck it in, and had the time of his life, surprised that there was no scream at all. In fact, he heard no sounds at all. Puzzled, he finished up and pulled out. 
Talk to me, baby. 
Moo.  
','0');
W

It's the first day of school and the teacher announces to the class that they will learn to speak like grownups this year. To demonstrate she asks the kids what they did this summer. The first child says I went on a choo-choo train ride. 
No, the teacher says, you went on a train ride. 
The second child says I went on a tug-tug boat ride. 
No, the teacher says, you went on a boat ride. 
The third child says, full of pride, I read a book. Which one? asks the teacher. 
Winnie-the-S**t!  
','0');
Teachers and Light Bulbs

Q: How many teachers does it take to change a light bulb ?
 A: Well teachers generally don't change light bulbs but a good teacher can make a dim one brighter!  
','0');
Harvard vs. Virgins

What do a virgin and Harvard University have in common?       
They're both hard to get into.  
','0');
Signs You Should Join E-Mailers Anonymous

10) You wake up at 3 am to go to the bathroom and check your e-mail on the way back to bed.  
 9)  Your firstborn is named Dotcom.   
8)  You turn off your modem and are suddenly filled with a feeling of emptiness, as if you just pulled the plug on a loved one.   
7)  You spend half of a plane trip with your laptop on your lap, and your child in the overhead compartment.   
6)  You decide to stay in college for an additional year or two, just for the free Internet access.  
5)  You find yourself typing ''com'' after every period.com.   
4)  You refer to going to the bathroom as downloading.   
3)  You move into a new house and decide to Netscape before you landscape.   
2)  You start tilting your head sideways to smile.  : )    
1) Immediately after reading this list, you e-mail it to someone.  
','0');
Random Acts of Stupidity Roundup

 
    Curators at India's Baroda Museum reportedirreparable damage to a priceless 3,000-year-old mummy, done by an overzealous cleaningperson who apparently opened the mummy's case and vacuumed the body. The vacuum removedancient dust, peeled toe paint, sucked off part of the nose, and loosened bandages. 
    An anti-logging protester from radical EarthFirst! was killed near Fortuna, CA, when one of the trees fell on him. 
    In an unconfirmed report, a spokesperson for theItalian Gattinoni fashion house announced Monica Lewinsky has agreed to model a bluetwo-piece suit there during an October ?Roma Outsize? fashion show in Milan. She'llsupposedly get $470,000, half of which will go to charity.... Gattinoni recently unveiled a flesh-colored skin-tight ?condom dress? decorated withViagra pills. 
    Saturday in Beaumont TX a 20-minute halftimebrawl erupted between the Southern University and Prairie View A&amp;M marching bands asthe formations passed each other. Three people were taken to the hospital, four $5,000tubas were bent, and one saxophone plus several pieces of uniform were reported missing. 
    Avon is finally eschewing its all-door-to-door selling strategy and starting retail discount outlets. 
    October's National Geographic will be the magazine's first with a scent strip. It's a scientific recreation of Cleopatra's perfume.  
','0');
Student takes off his pants

A student is taking his final exams. He takes his seat in the exam hall stares at the questions and then in a fit for inspiration takes his shoes off and throws them out of the window. He then removes his shirt pants and socks.  
The teacher, alarmed, approached him and asked what is going on? 
 I am only following the instructions -- the test paper states, answer the questions in brief.''  
','0');
Bad Girls vs Good Girls

 Good girls loosen a few buttons when it's hot.  Bad girls make it hot by loosening a few buttons.     Good girls only own one credit card and rarely use it.   Bad girls only own one bra and rarely use it.   Good girls wax their floors.  Bad girls wax their bikini lines.   Good girls blush during love scenes in a movie.  Bad girls know they could do it better.    Good girls think they're not fully dressed without a strand of pearls.  Bad girls think they're fully dressed with just a strand of pearls.     Good girls wear high heels to work.  Bad girls wear high heels to bed.     Good girls say, ''Don't... Stop...''  Bad girls say, ''Don't Stop...'' 
','0');
Signs you are a loser

1. Your dog rather rub up against the wall than have you pet it. 
 2. All the numbers in your little black book start with 1-900.
  3. Due to excessive hazing and ridicule, you decided to drop out of the Origami Club. 
 4. You were almost involved in a threesome, but your left hand fell asleep. 
 5. Fantasizing out loud before falling asleep is your idea of pillow talk. 
 6. Your personal ad reads: Seeking Anybody. 
 7. Next to your name in the phone directory, the phone number is replaced with the phrase Who cares? 
 8. You look forward to the dinner time calls from telemarketers.
  9. The last time you were invited to a party, you were grooving to the lyric, Put your right foot in, take your right foot out. 
 10. You spent last summer following around the 2000 Bible Belt Trekkie Convention Tour. 
   
','0');
Harvard Lightbulb

How many Harvard men does it take to screw in a   lightbulb?        
One -- he stands still and the world revolves around him.  
','0');
Pre-Med Upstart

As a pre-med student at Washington University in St. Louis I had to take a difficult class in physics. One day our professor was discussing a particularly complicated concept. A student rudely interrupted to ask Why do we have to learn this stuff?  
To save lives. The professor responded quickly and continued the lecture.  
A few minutes later, the same student spoke up again. So how does physics save lives? he persisted. 
 It usually keeps the idiots like you out of medical school, replied the professor.  
','0');
Harvard
 Yale and Urinal Etiquette
A Harvard and Yale Law grad met in a washroom during a law convention.    
 The Harvard graduate said, Didn't they teach you to wash your hands at Yale? 
 The Yale grad responded, They taught us not to piss on our hands.  
','0');
Fratboy

What do you call a fratboy in a suit? 
The defendant.  
','0');
Trash talking

Q: What do you call 40 guys watching the Super Bowl? 
A: The Chicago Bears  
','0');
Yo' Mama Is So Stupid... Homework

Yo' Mama is so stupid she does her homework on an Etch-a-Sketch.  
','0');
Trix are for Kids

A little rabbit is running happily through the forest when he stumbles upon a giraffe rolling a joint.  
The rabbit looks at the giraffe and says, Giraffe my friend, why do you do this? Come. Run with me through the forest! You''ll feel so much better!  
The giraffe looks at him, looks at the joint, tosses it and goes off running with the rabbit. Then they come across an elephant doing coke.  
So the rabbit again says, Elephant my friend, why do you do this? Think about your health. Come. Run with us through the pretty forest, you''ll see, you''ll feel so good!  
The elephant looks at them, looks at his razor, mirror and coke, then tosses them and starts running with the rabbit and giraffe. The three animals then come across a lion about to shoot up.  
Lion my friend, why do you do this? Think about your health! Come. Run with us through the beautiful forest and you''ll feel so good! The lion looks at him, puts down his needle, and mauls the rabbit.  
The giraffe and elephant watch in horror and look at him and ask, Lion, why did you do this? He was merely trying to help you.  
The lion answers, That little bastard! He makes me run around the forest like a f**king idiot every time he's on ecstasy!  
','0');
Breast Milk Mustache

A question had appeared in a student's medical examination which read: List four benefits of breast milk. A student began to answer the question: 1. No need to bottle it. 2. Cats can't steal it. 3. Available whenever necessary.  But the fourth point eluded him.  
When there were barely a couple of minutes before the exam ended, the fourth point flashed before his mind. So he completed the answer by writing: 4. Available in attractive containers.   
','0');
Yo' Mama Is So Stupid... PMS

Yo' Mama is so stupid she thought she could read minds when she got PMS.  
','0');
Donny's Homework

Donny is a 17-year-old ninth grader who is becoming increasingly disillusioned with the public school system. One day he got an easy homework assignment.  All he had to do was put each of the following words in a sentence.  This is what he did....    
1.  HOTEL    --    I gave my girlfriend da  crabs and the HOTEL everybody.   
2.  RECTUM   --    I had two Cadillacs, but  my ol' lady RECTUM both.   
3.  DISAPPOINTMENT   --    My parole officer  tol me if I miss DISAPPOINTMENT they gonna send me back to the big house.   
4.  FORECLOSE   --    If I pay alimony this  month, I'll have no money  FORECLOSE.   
5.  CATACOMB   --    Don King was at the  fight the other night, Man, somebody give that
   CATACOMB.    
6.  PENIS   --    I went to da doctor and he  handed me a cup and said PENIS.   
7.  ISRAEL   --    Alonso tried to sell me a  Rolex, I said Man, that looks fake. He said, No, ISRAEL.   
8.  UNDERMINE   --    There is a fine lookin'  hoe livin' in the apartment UNDERMINE.   
9.  TRIPOLI   --    I was gonna buy my old  lady a bra but I couldn't find no TRIPOLI.   
10.  STAIN   --    My mother-in-law axed if I  was STAIN for dinner again.   
11.  SELDOM   --    My cousin gave me two  tickets to the Knicks game, so I  SELDOM.   
12.  ODYSSEY   --    I told my bro, you  ODYSSEY the tits on this hoe.   
13.  HORDE   --    My  sister got into  trouble because she HORDE around  in school.   
14.  INCOME   --    I just got in bed wit dis  hoe and INCOME my wife.   
15.  FORTIFY   --    I axed  da hoe how  much?  And she say FORTIFY. 
Donny got an A.  
','0');
Desert Exile

Three criminals are sentenced to exile in the desert and can only bring one personal item.
 
 I brought a loaf of bread so when I get hungry I'll have something to eat said the first criminal.
 
 I brought a water skin so that when I get thirsty I'll have something to drink said the second.
 
 The third criminal looks proud of himself. I brought a car door so when it gets hot I can roll down the window.  
','0');
Yo' Mama Is So Stupid... Quarterback

Yo' Mama is so stupid she thinks a quarterback is a refund.  
','0');
Bush Gets Testy

Q:  What did George W. Bush get on his S.A.T.'s? 
A:  Drool.  
','0');
Christian Drugs

Jesus was worried about the drug epidemic plaguing the world. In an effort to solve this dilemma he decided that a few apostles would return to earth and fetch a sample of each drug so they could understand what these substances did.  
Two days after the operation is implemented, the disciples begin to return. Jesus, waiting at the door, lets in each disciple: Who is it? It's Mark Jesus opens the door. What did you bring Mark? Marijuana from Colombia Very well son, come in.  
Another soft knock is heard. Who is it? It's Matthew Jesus opens the door. What did you bring Matthew? Cocaine from Bolivia Very well son, come in.  
At the next knock Jesus asks, Who is it? It's John Jesus opens the door. What did you bring John? Crack from New York Very well son, come in.  
Someone starts pounding on the door.  Who is it? It's Judas Jesus opens the door. What did you bring Judas? FREEZE! THIS IS THE FBI!   
','0');
Times When the F-word Was Appropriate

People get really upset when you use the F word. So much so that I can't even write the full word out but have to referto it as the F word. However despite what many educators and pious people believe there are times when the F word just makes sense. And that is why we are bringing you ... TIMES WHEN THE F WORD WAS APPROPRIATE  
What the F was that? -- Mayor of Hiroshima
  Where did all these F'ing Indians come from? -- General Custer
 Any F'ing idiot could understand that. -- Albert Einstein
  It does so F'ing look like her! -- Pablo Picasso
  How the F did you work that out? -- Pythagoras
  You want WHAT on the F'ing ceiling? -- Michaelangelo
  I don't suppose its gonna F'ing rain? -- Joan of Arc
  Scattered F'ing showers my ass. -- Noah
  I need this parade like I need a F'ing hole in my head. -- John F. Kennedy
  Who the F is going to know?  -- Bill Clinton  
','0');
Geometry Humor

Q: What was the geometry student looking for at the beach? 
A: A tangent.  
','0');
OSU

An Ohio State University mortician student walked into the embalming room where a cadaver was lying on the table.   Confident that he knew enough now to begin the procedure without his instructor he began to examine the body.  When he rolled it over he was shocked to see a cork in the man's butt. Mystified he pulled it out and immediately heard the University of Michigan fight song come out of the guy'sbutt. 
    Shaken by what hadhappened, he quickly shoved the cork back into it's original resting place.  He thenran to get his instructor, nervously shouting, Sir, you must come, you won't believewhat I discovered!! 
    Annoyed by theinterruption, the professor said, Let's take a look at this astounding discovery. 
    When they entered themorgue, the teacher was also surprised to see the cork, so he approached the table andpromptly removed the cork. 
    Upon hearing the Universityof Michigan fight song, he quickly replaced the cork in the cadaver's butt and said,What's so surprising about that?  I've heard thousands of assholes sing thatsong!  
','0');
Professor of Dirty Jokes

There was an old professor who started every class with a vulgar joke. After one particularly nasty example the women in the class decided to walk out the next time he started.   The professor got wind of this plot so the next morning he walked in and said ?Good morning class. Did you hear the one about the shortage of whores in India??   With that all the women stood up and headed for the door.   ?Wait ladies? cried the professor ?The boat doesn't leave until tomorrow!?  
','0');
You Know You're Out Of College When...

 1. Your salary is less than your tuition.
 2. Your potted plants stay alive.
 3. Shacking in a twin-sized bed seems absurd.
 4. You keep more food than beer in the fridge.
 5. You have to pay your own credit card bill.
 6. Mac &amp; Cheese no longer counts as a well-balanced meal.
 7. You haven't seen a soap opera in over a year.
 8. 8:00a.m. is not early.
 9. You have to file for your own taxes.
 10. You hear your favorite song on the elevator at work.
 11. You're not carded anymore.
 12. You carry an umbrella.
 13. You learn that Bachelor is a nicer term for a jackass.
 14. Extended childhood only really pertains to your salary, which is a little less than your allowance used to be.
 15. Twenty-something means over-qualified, under-paid, and not married.
 16. Your friends marry instead of hook-up, and divorce instead of break-up.
 17. You start watching the weather channel.
 18. Jeans and baseball caps aren't staples in your wardrobe.
 19. You can no longer take shots, and smoking gives you a sinus attack.
 20. You go from 130 days of vacation time to 7.
 21. You stop confusing 401K plan with 10K run.
 22. You go to parties that the police don't raid.
 23. Adults feel comfortable telling jokes about sex in front of you. 
 24. You don't know what time Wendy's closes anymore. 
 25. Your car insurance goes down. 
 26. You refer to college students as kids. 
 27. You drink wine, scotch and martinis instead of beer, bourbon, and rum. " 
','0');
Babe Watch
This guy is standing outside on his balcony on the 5th floor of his apartment when he spots this gorgeous babe sunbathing on the 3rd floor balcony wearing the skimpiest bathing suit he's ever seen. He watches her for 3 days straight, and can't stand it any longer.  He sends down a note on a piece of string: ''If you want me to make love to you please pull on the string once. If not please pull slowly 20 times and then faster another 10." 
','0');
Summer School for Slackers

Fail a class? Drop one too many? Don't worry about it. In order to keep money flowing into our institution we've created a summer program that any slacker could pass. 
 
New Course Offerings for the Summer Session: THEORIES OF TIC-TAC-TOE: Should you pick X or O? The answer isn't as complicated as you might think once you've learned the theory. Learn techniques that the pros use, and play with confidence. Pre-Requisite: the movie "War Games" 
 
THE DECLINE OF ROMAN ORGASMS: What happened to the pleasure of the Roman woman after 33 A.D.? Using archeological evidence and experiences from her own marriage, Dr. Lisa Cecil uncovers an entire era of faking it. Pre-Requisite: Bitter Relationship 
 
DRAWING CONCLUSIONS: Using our creative instinct to doodle on things labeled "work," we'll literally draw conclusions. Pre-Requisite: Motor Skills 
 
MUSIC TO THE EARS: Like the Sound of Music? How about the sound of doing nothing for two hours a day for credit? Pre-Requisite: FOOD TO THE STOMACH also, be on the lookout for . . . 
 
THE ORIGINS OF BEGINNINGS -- An Introductory Course THUMBS UP, THUMBS DOWN: post-modern film criticism THE ECONOMICS OF ARCADES: finding change for a dollar THE STATISTICS OF POLLS -- A survey course. 
','0');
Chemistry, Duke and Bonkistry
Introductory Chemistry at Duke has been taught for about a zillion years by Professor Bonk (really), and his course is semi-affectionately known as "Bonkistry". He has been around forever, so I wouldn't put it past him to come up with something like this.
 
Anyway, one year there were these two guys who were taking Chemistry and who did pretty well on all of the quizzes and the mid-terms and labs, etc., such that going into the final they had a solid A. These friends were so confident going into the final that the weekend before finals week (even though the Chem final was on Monday), they decided to go up to U Virginia and party with some friends up there.
 
They did this and had a great time.  However, with their hangovers and everything, they overslept all day Sunday and didn't make it back to Duke until early Monday morning. Rather than taking the final then, they found Professor Bonk after the final and explained to him why they missed the final. They told him that they went up to UVA for the weekend, and had planned to come back in time to study, but that they had a flat tire on the way back and didn't have a spare and couldn't get help for a long time and so were late getting back to campus. 
 
Bonk thought this over and then agreed that they could make up the final on the following day. The two guys were elated, relieved and very proud of their story. So, they studied that night and went in the next day at the time Bonk had told them. He placed them in separate rooms and handed each of them a test booklet and told them to begin.
 
They looked at the first problem, which was something simple about molarity and solutions and was worth 5 points. "Cool," they thought, "this is going to be easy." They did that problem and turned the page. They were unprepared, however, for what they saw on the next page...
 
WHICH TIRE? (95 points) 
','0');
Top Ten Ways to Freak Out Your Roommate
10) Collect potatoes.  Paint faces on them and give them names.  Name       one after your roommate.  Separate your roommate's potato from the       others.  Wait a few days, and then bake your roommate's potato and       eat it.  Explain to your roommate, ''He just didn't belong.''     
9) Move everything to one side of the room.  Ask your roommate if he       knows how much an elephant weighs, and look at the floor on the       empty side of the room with concern.  
 
8) Draw a tiny black line on your nose.  Make it bigger every day.        Look at it and say, ''The hair, it's growing. Growing!'' 
 
7) Buy some knives.  Sharpen them every night.  While you're doing so,       look at your roommate and mutter, ''Soon, soon....''  
 
6) Collect hundreds of pens and pile them on one side of the room.        Keep one pencil on the other side of the room.  Laugh at the pencil.  
 
5) Tell your roommate, ''I've got an important message for you.''  Then        pretend to faint.  When you recover, say you can't remember what        the message was.  Later on, say, ''Oh, yeah, I remember!''  Pretend        to faint again.  Keep this up for several weeks.   
 
4) While your roommate is out, glue your shoes to the ceiling.  When        your roommate walks in, sit on the floor, hold your head, and moan.  
 
3) Make a sandwich.  Don't eat it, leave it on the floor.  Ignore the        sandwich.  Wait until your roommate gets rid of it, and then say,        ''Hey, where the heck is my sandwich!?''  Complain loudly that you         are hungry.     
 
2) Every time your roommate walks in yell, ''Hooray!  You're back!'' as        loud as you can and dance around the room for five minutes.    Afterwards, keep looking at your watch and saying, ''Shouldn't you        be going somewhere?''  
 
1) Talk back to your Rice Krispies.  All of a sudden, act offended,        throw the bowl on the floor and kick it.  Refuse to clean it up,        explaining, ''No, I want to watch them suffer.''' 
','0');