Sunday Morning Shave

What does Brooke Gordon do when she gets done shaving her pussy on a Sunday morning?     
 Slaps aftershave on it and throws it in a racecar.  
','0');
Royal Wedding
 
On the day of the Royal Wedding Sofia was getting dressed surrounded by all her family and she suddenly realized she had forgotten to get any shoes. Then her sister remembered that she had a pair of white shoes from her wedding so she lent them to Sofia for the day. Unfortunately they were a bit too small and by the time the festivities were over Sofia's feet were in agony. When she and Edward withdrew to their room the only thing she could think of was getting her shoes off. The rest of the Royal Family crowded round the door to the bedroom and they heard roughly what they expected grunts straining noises and the occasional muffled scream. Eventually they heard Edward say ''God that was tight.'' 
''There,'' whispered the Queen. ''I told you she was a virgin.'' 
Then, to their surprise, they heard Edward say. ''Right. Now for the other one.'' Followed by more grunting and straining and at last Edward said ''My God. That was even tighter.'' 
''That's my boy,'' said the Duke. ''Once a sailor, always a sailor.''   
','0');
Ford Cars vs. Golf Balls
 
Q: What's the difference between a Ford and a golf ball?   
A: You can drive a golf ball 200 yards.    
','0');
UVA vs. VT Football
 
If you have a Virginia Tech football player and a UVA Foootball player in the same car at the same time who drives? 
The state trooper!!     
','0');
Words of Wisdom

Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.  
','0');
Jags and Bucs
 
If the Jacksonville Jaguars are known as the   Jags   and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are known as the   Bucs   what does that make the Tennessee Titans?   
','0');
Pool for DJs
 
Q: Why can't DJs play pool?     
A: They always scratch.    
','0');
Michigan State Fans

Q: What do you get when you have a basement full of Michigan State fans?
 
 A: A whine cellar.  
','0');
Texas Thug Athletes
 
Two Dallas Cowboys were in a car. Who was driving?     
The cops.   
','0');
Second Base to Third Base
 
Q: Why does it take longer to run from second base to third base than it does to run from first base to second base?       
A: There's a shortstop between second base and third base.   
','0');
18-Legged Fly-Catcher
 
Q: What has 18 legs and catches flies? 
A: A baseball team.    
','0');
Women and Bowling

Q: Why do women prefer sex over bowling?
 
 A: Because the balls are lighter and you don't have to change your shoes.  
','0');
The Mafia and Women

Q: What do working for the Mafia and fingering a woman have in common? 
 A: One wrong move and you're in the sh*t.  
','0');
Tarzan Meets Jane
 
One day Jane met Tarzan in the jungle. She was very attracted to him and during her questions about his life she asked him what he did about sex.    
   What's that?   he asked. 
 She explained to him what sex was and he said,    Oh, Tarzan use a hole in the trunk of tree!    
 Horrified, she said,   Tarzan you have it all wrong! I'll show you how to do it properly.    
She took off her clothes, dropped to the ground and spread her legs wide. 
   Here,   she said,   You must put it in here.       
Tarzan removed his loincloth, stepped closer, and then gave her an almighty  kick in the crotch.  Jane rolled around in agony.  
Eventually she managed to gasp,   What the hell did you do that for?     
    Tarzan check for bees first!     
','0');
Jock Booty Call... Warning

Hey babe I promise I'll give you more than a two-minute warning. High five!
   
','0');
Jock Booty Call... Zone

How about we march into your red zone and I'll split the uprights? High five!
   
','0');
Women and Pool Tables

What is the difference between a woman a pool   table?    
 
 On the pool table you put the balls in the hole and the stick stays out.  
','0');
Trial Run
 
What do you say to a football player in an Armani suit?     
  Will the defendant please rise...     
','0');
Three's a Crowd
 
A man was shipwrecked with his dog and a sheep on a tiny island in the middle of nowhere. Everytime the man moved close to the sheep his dog would snarl and growl at him. 
   One day while walking the island he discovered a lovely naked lady who also had just become marooned.  
  Finally, some company!   he thought.   
While sitting on the shore and the watching the sunset with his new female friend,  he slowly leaned over and whispered in her ear, ''Hey, could you go walk the dog?''   
','0');
The Dallas Possums
 
  Did you hear they are thinking of changing the Dallas Cowboys to the Dallas Possums?   
   No, why?   
Because they play dead at home and they die on the road.   
','0');
Two Guns Gonzales
 
A man walks into a bar one day and asks the bartender if he knows a man named Two Guns Gonzales. The bartender says no but he tells him that the man in the back named No Guns knows him. So the guy walks to the back of the bar and asks the man if he knows a guy named Two Guns Gonzales. 
The man says   Let me tell you a story.... One day about a week ago I was riding into town on my horse and this large man with two guns comes riding up to me and says 'Get off your horse.' Well Two Guns has two guns and No Guns has no guns what could I do? I get off my horse. Then he says 'Now drop your pants.' Well Two Guns has two guns and No Guns has no guns what could I do? I take off my pants. Then he says 'Now s**t.' Well Two Guns has two guns and No Guns has no guns what could I do? I s**t. Then he says 'Now eat it.' Well Two Guns has two guns and No Guns has no guns what could I do? I eat it. 
Now Two Guns is laughing so hard he drops his guns! I grab them! Now I say 'Drop your pants.' Well Two Guns has no guns and No Guns has two guns what could he do? He drops his pants. Then I say 'Now s**t.' Well Two Guns has no guns and No Guns has two guns what could he do? He s**ts. Then I say 'Now eat it.' Well Two Guns has no guns and No Guns has two guns what could he do? He eats it. So when you ask me if I know a man named Two Guns Gonzales the answer is yes: I had lunch with him last week.     
','0');
Gone Fishin'
 
Fred and DooDah go to their favorite lake to fish. After getting out on the water DooDah hooks a huge fish which pulls him overboard and he drowns. 
Fred is brokenhearted and goes to tell DooDah's wife the news. She opens the door and hears Fred say   Guess who drowned in the lake today? DooDah! DooDah!      
','0');
Uncle Ted's Special Skill
 
Joe loved golf but his eyesight had gotten so bad that he couldn't find his ball once he'd hit it.  He consulted with his wife and she recommended that Joe bring along her uncle Ted. 
Joe said,   But Ted is 80 years old and half senile!   
His wife replied,   Yes, but his eyesight is incredible.     
Joe finally agreed and took Ted along.  He teed off and could feel that he had hit it solidly.  He asked Ted,   Do you see it?   
Ted nodded his head and said,   Boy, that was a beautiful shot!   
Joe excitedly asked,   Well, where did it land?!   
Ted said,   Hmmm.  I forget.      
','0');
Sex Versus Golf
 
What's the difference between sex and golf?       
In golf, a bad hole won't kill you!   
','0');
The Power of God Can't Raise Your Load
 
One Sunday afternoon an older couple was listening to a holy station on the radio. They were about 98 years old and so frail they couldn't walk to church. 
The preacher said, ''If you put one hand on the radio and one hand on whatever you want healed I will heal it for you.''  
So the old woman put one hand on the radio and one hand on her heart.  
The old man tried to not let the old woman see but he put one hand on the radio and one hand on his penis.  
The old woman looked over and said, ''He said he could heal, not raise the dead!''   
','0');
Swimmimg...it's not a sport...

Swimmimg...it's not a sport it's a way to keep from drowning.  
','0');
Drunk Musicians
 
The St. Louis Symphony was playing Beethoven's Ninth one night. One bass player said to the other ''We don't have much to do. Let's go next door for a few drinks.'' They stayed for a while and got a little tipsy. One said to the other ''To give us more time I tied the pages of the music together so the conductor will have to untie it when he gets near the end.''  
They staggered back into the auditorium just in time for the finish. The next day when someone asked their friend how the concert was, they replied, ''The most exciting part was at the end of the Ninth when the score was tied and the bassists were loaded.''    
','0');
The Vampire
 
There was a vampire who sucked people's blood for many centuries. God was very angry at the vampire and said to him   You're going to hell!        
The vampire fell to his knees and said,   God, I beg of you, give me one more chance to be good.        
God agreed.     
Then the vampire said, ''I want to be light, fluffy, and white like a cloud.''      
''That seems easy enough,'' replied God.       
''I would also like to have wings like an angel.''      
''OK,'' replied God.      
Since God had said yes to all his requests, the vampire decided to ask for a very greedy request.    ''God, if possible, could you let me suck a little blood?''      
''Sure,'' replied God, ''but only once a month.''  And he turned the vampire into a maxi pad with wings.   
','0');
Two Gay Men and a Shower
 
Two gay men Paul and Tom were making love one night and had just finished when Paul decided he was going to freshen up in the shower.  Tom was laying there thinking about how wonderful Paul was when he decided he was going to join him in the shower.   
When Tom got into the bathroom, he opened up the shower curtain and the first thing he saw was a large cumshot on the wall.  He wailed to Tom, ''I can't believe you!  We just finish making love and you come in here and jack-off!!''   
Paul looks at the wall and says ''What are you talkng about? I wasn't jacking-off, I farted!!!     
','0');
Football Team Lighters

Q: Why did the coach give his football team lighters? 
A: They kept losing their matches.   
','0');
How Golf is like Urinating in a Public Restroom
 
10. Keep your back straight knees bent feet shoulder width apart.
 9. Form a loose grip. 
 8. Keep your head down. 
 7. Avoid a quick backswing. 
 6. Stay out of the water. 
 5. Try not to hit anybody. 
 4. If you are taking too long, you should let others go ahead of you. 
 3. You shouldn't stand directly in front of others. 
 2. Be quiet while others are about to go. 
 1. Keep strokes to a minimum.   
','0');
Picabo Street Philanthropy

American Olympian Picabo Street donated a large sum to her hometown hospital's emergency center.
 
 Her town named the center after her: Picabo ICU.  
','0');
What's OJ Got?
 
What does OJ have that every man wants?  
A Heisman trophy and a dead ex-wife!   
','0');
SuperBowl!

What do you call a bunch of millionaires sitting around watching the Super Bowl?    
 
   The Dallas Cowboys       
','0');
Teeth but No Mouth Riddle

Q: What has teeth but no mouth?
 
 A: A comb.  
','0');
Baseball Humor
 
Q: Why are baseball players so cool?  
A: They always have their fans around.    
','0');
Top Ten Caddy Comments
 
Golfer:   Think I'm going to drown myself in the lake.  
 Caddy:   Think you can keep your head down that long?   
Golfer:   I'd move heaven and earth to break 100 on this course.   
 Caddy:   Try heaven, you've already moved most of the earth.   
Golfer:   Do you think my game is improving?   
 Caddy:   Yes sir, you miss the ball much closer now.   
Golfer:   Do you think I can get there with a 5 iron?   
 Caddy:   Eventually.   
Golfer:   You've got to be the worst caddy in the world.   
 Caddy:   I don't think so sir. That would be too much of a coincidence.   
Golfer:   Please stop checking your watch all the time. It's too much of a distraction.   
 Caddy:   It's not a watch - it's a compass.   
Golfer:   How do you like my game?   
 Caddy:   Very good sir, but personally, I prefer golf.   
Golfer:   Do you think it's a sin to play on Sunday?   
 Caddy:   The way you play, sir, it's a sin on any day.   
Golfer:   This is the worst course I've ever played on.   
 Caddy:   This isn't the golf course. We left that an hour ago.   
Golfer:   That can't be my ball, it's too old.   
 Caddy:   It's been a long time since we teed off, sir.     
','0');
The Gassy Skeleton

Q: Why didn't the skeleton go skydiving?
 
 A: It didn't have the guts.  
','0');
Bumpy Car Ride
 
There were three guys in a car. One driving the other in the passenger seat and one resting in the back. The guy in the back became sleepy and fell asleep. A few minutes later he is startled by a   THUMP THUMP.   
  What the hell was that?   he shouted.  
The driver says,   It was just a redneck.    
  I felt two thumps, though,   says the passenger. 
  Yeah we had to go through the fence to hit him.     
','0');
Wacked-Out Restaurant
 
A waitress walks up to one of her tables in a New York City restaurant and notices that the three Bulgarian businessmen seated there are furiously masturbating. She says   What the hell do you guys think you are doing?    
One of the Bulgarian men says,   Can't you see?  Ve arrrre all verrry, verrry hoongry.   The waitress makes a stroking motion and says,   So how is whacking-off in the middle of the restaurant going to help that situation??   One of the other businessmen replies: 
The menu say, FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED!   
','0');
Yes
 Mr. Bear
A guy goes out one day hunting for bear. After a few hours in the forest he finally sees a giant grizzly. He gets the bear in the rifle's sight and is about to pull the trigger when he feels a tap on his shoulder. It's another bear. 'Buddy' the bear says 'that's my best friend down there. I can rip your head off right now or you can suck my d**k. What's it gonna be?' Fearing for his life the hunter says 'I'll suck your d**k Mr. Bear.' The next day hungry for revenge the hunter returns to the woods and sees the same bear. But as soon as he lines up the bear in his sights he feels a tap on his shoulder. 'Buddy' says the bear. 'Today I can rip your head off or you can f**k me in the ass.' Again fearing for his life the hunter replies 'I'll f**k you in the ass Mr.Bear.' The next day furious at what has happened to him the hunter returns to the forest in order to kill same bear. Once again he gets the bear in his rifle sights when he feels a tap on his shoulder. The bear shakes his head at the hunter and says 'You don't come here for the hunting do you?'  
','0');
Misguided
 
A group of hikers were being led through the wilderness by a guide. On the third day the hikers noticed that they had been traveling in circles.  
 ''We're lost!'' One of the hikers complained.  
 ''And you said you were the best guide in the United States.''  
 ''I am,'' the guide answered, '' but I think we may have wandered into Canada.''   
','0');
Jock Booty Call... Tackle

I'd like to try a back tackle on you. High five!
   
','0');
Tree Menace

Q: What is green and fuzzy has four legs and will kill you if it drops from a tree?
 
 A: A pool table.  
','0');
Tyson's Manners
 
Mike Tyson finally apologized to Holyfield for biting off his ear.   
He said,   Believe it or not, I have learned many things about how to behave in society while I was in jail. So I would like to apologize to Mr. Holyfield for biting his ear in such a beastly way.  Next time I promise to use a knife and fork.     
','0');
Two Guys on a Golf Course
 
Two guys are hitting the links at their local golf and country club. Luckily it's a beautiful day and there's  hardly anyone on the course so they've been breezing through the holes. Up around the seventh tee they  spot the first people on the course other than themselves two ladies who from the guys' perspective are having trouble on the green. In fact they've each five-putted it!       
The first guy says ''Christ. I hope they just had a bad hole, I don't want to follow these broads for the next eleven holes!'' The second one goes, ''Well, maybe I'll go talk to them, and maybe they can let us pass them. I'll be back in a sec.''      
So he trots off, about to go and ask to let them pass. Suddenly, about a hundred feet away from the women,  he stops, turns and runs away from them as fast as he can. When he comes back, he exclaims, ''Jesus! That's my  wife and my girlfriend! They're both here! Golfing together! I'm sorry, man, but I can't say anything to them. I'm  liable to be killed if they saw me. How about you go ask them?''      
So the other guy concurs, and trots off to ask the women if they can pass and get on with their game. Then he stops suddenly, spins around and runs back  to his buddy in the same manner.     ''What's wrong? What's the matter?'' his friend says.    ''Same damn thing,'' he replies.     
','0');
Guided By Voices
 
There's a guy who lives in Ohio. One morning he hears a voice in his head. The voice says ''Quit your job sell your house take all your money and go to Las Vegas.'' 
He ignores the voice. Later in the day, he hears the voice again. ''Quit your job, sell your house, take all your money, and go to Las Vegas.'' 
Again, he ignores the voice. Soon he hears the voice every minute of the day. ''Quit your job, sell your house, take all your money, and move to Las Vegas.'' 
He can't take it anymore. He believes the voice. He quits his job, sells his house, takes all his money, and flies to Las Vegas. As soon as he steps off the plane, the voice says, ''Go to Caesar's Palace.'' 
He goes to Caesar's Palace and the voice says, ''Make your way to the roulette tables.'' 
He goes to the roulette tables and the voice says, ''Put all your money on red 23.'' 
He puts all his money on red 23. The dealer spins the wheel. It comes up black 17. 
The voice says, ''F**k.''   
','0');
That's Not Your Rug
 
One day in the city a bus driver was making his usual stops.  At the first stop a woman came to the front of the bus to get off.  She turned to the bus driver and said “I think I was just molested back there.”     
The bus driver looked at her and said, “Not on my bus.  You couldn't have been.”  So, he lets her off and drives on.   
He comes to the next stop and another woman comes to the front to get off.  She, too, looks at the bus driver and says, “I think I was just molested back there.”     
Now the bus driver thinks that something has to be wrong, to get two complaints like this in one day is just unheard of.  He gets up out of his seat and goes to the back of the bus.  To his surprise there is a bald guy crawling on the floor on his hands and knees.   
The bus driver says, “Sir, what are you doing?”    
The man looks at him and says, “I lost my toupee.  I thought I found it twice, but I lost it again.”   
','0');
Rookie Pitcher
 
A rookie pitcher was struggling at the mound so the catcher walked up to have a talk with him. 
  I've figured out your problem,   he told the young southpaw.   You always lose control at the same point in every game.    
  When is that?    
  Right after the National Anthem.     
','0');
Drunk Ice Fishing in Alaska
 
A drunk Alaskan decides to go ice fishing. He starts sawing a hole in the ice but just then a  booming voice says   You will find no fish there.   
The drunk ignores it and continues sawing. The voice repeats   You will find no fish under the ice.   
The drunk looks up and says   God is that you?   
The voice says   No I'm the manager of this ice rink.      
','0');
The Hurt Bird and the S**t
 
One day a man was stuck in bumper to bumper traffic and he really had to take a s**t. So he got out of his car and went over to a bush and took a s**t in his hat. He couldn't leave his hat there because he had his name on it. He took his hat and on the way to his car he saw a police man. He covered the hat with his hand. The police officer came over and asked him what was in the hat. 
The guy said,   It's a hurt bird.   
The police officer said,   Let me see the bird.   
The man said,   I can't if I take my hand away it will fly away.   
The police officer said,   Let me see the bird.   
The man said,   I can't - if I take my hand away it will fly away.   They kept that up for about five minutes. 
Then the police officer got mad and asked him one more time.   Take your hand away and I will reach in really fast and the bird won't fly away!   
The guy said,   Alright.   And he slowly removed his hand. 
The police officer reached in and grabbed a handful of s**t and asked the man,   What is this?   
The man replied,   You scared the s**t out of the bird.     
','0');
Tiger's Descended Testicles
 
Tiger Woods was traveling through rural Kentucky in his new Mercedes.  He stopped at a small gas station and asked the mechanic if he could get his oil changed. 
  Why sure,   the mechanic said, not seeming to recognize the golf star. 
About thirty minutes later the oil change is complete.  As Tiger started to back the car out, the mechanic noticed some buttons on the dashboard and asked Tiger what they were for. 
Tiger looked down at the tees on his dash and says,   Those are what I set my balls on.   
The old man replied,   Boy oh Boy, those Germans think of everything, don't they!     
','0');
The Hunter's Topless Maidens
 
A hunter saves an Indian chief being chased by a grizzly bear in the woods. The chief invites the hunter back to his camp to celebrate and reward the hunter for saving his life.
 
 At the celebration the Indian chief says to the hunter   I have a special surprise for you: 500 of my prettiest Indian maidens. You look at all of them and choose one. She will be your wife.  
 
 The chief clapped his hands and 500 young beautiful Indian maidens appeared topless before them. With closer inspection the hunter notices that none of them have nipples on their breasts.
 
   Why don't these maidens have nipples on their breasts?   he asks the chief.
 
 The chief turns to the hunter with surprise:  What -- you've never heard of the Indian Nipple-less 500?     
','0');
Leper Hockey

Q: Why did the referee stop the leper hockey game?
 
 A: There was a face-off in the corner.  
','0');
Rocker and NY
 
John Rocker was on a NY subway and many people stopped to stare at him.  One lady said   I hate you Rocker you dissed New York.   
The next person says,   Thanks, Rocker.  You dissed homosexuals.   
The next guys says,   You dissed people with mental problems.   
Rocker is shocked and says,   I didn't say anything about people with mental problems!   
The man smiles and says,   Now people think that all people with mental problems are racist and dumb.     
','0');
A Little Head
 
A man with a very small head walks into a bar and the bartender asks   Why is your head so small?   
He replies,   I was stuck on this island and there was nothing but beautiful women there who had never seen a man before. So I had sex with all of them. Their leader, who was the most beautiful of all, had the power to grant anybody one wish, so I asked her to have sex with me. She said she would grant me anything but that, so I said,   Would a little head be out of the question?      
','0');
Three Dicks

Three dicks are talking about what their owners are like. Two of the dicks say their owners are really nice and like to rub them and pat them.  The third dick says that his owner is really mean. The two other dicks ask him why and he explains “Well every night my owner puts a raincoat on me sticks me in a deep dark hole and makes me do pushups untill I throw up.”  
','0');
Blind Parachutist
 
A blind man tells his friend how much he enjoys parachuting.   My hand is placed on my release ring and then they place me in the door and tell me when to jump. Out I go!   
  But how do you know when to lift your legs for the final arrival on the ground?   ask his friend. 
  Oh   replies the blind man   as soon as the dog's leash goes slack.     
','0');
Soccer Booty Call... Touch

I've got a great First Touch. Goooaaalll!
   
','0');
Jock Booty Call... Walk

If you make it to third base I'll go ahead and walk you home. High five!
   
','0');
The Three Basketball Players On The Roof
 
There were 3 basketball players one each from IU Notre Dame and Purdue standing on a burning roof in Indianapolis. The fire department came with a blanket and yelled to the Notre Dame player to jump.  He jumped and they moved it to the right. He hit the sidewalk with a splat.  
They then called to the IU player to jump. He said that he wouldn't jump. They said they liked IU better than Norte Dame. So he jumped and the fire department moved the blanket to the left. The IU player hit with a splat on the sidewalk.  
Then they called to the Purdue player to jump. He said that he wouldn't jump. The fire department said they hated IU and Notre Dame. He yelled back,   Lay the blanket down on the sidewalk, and then I'll jump!     
','0');
The Middle Man

A woman walks in to a tattoo parlor and tells the  artist she would like two tatoos one of Robert Redford on her left upper thigh and one of Paul Newman on her right thigh. After hours of work  the tatoo artist is finished and holds a mirror in between the womans legs for her to view. 
 The woman says'' I dont know if these really look like Paul &amp; Robert and I ain't payin for this if it isn't right!'' She tells the artist she will go just outside the buisness and ask someone walking down the street if they know who the two men are on her thighs if they answer correctly she would pay the artist. 
 She soon sees a man walking down the street so she pulls up her skirt and asks him '' Can you tell me who the man on my right thigh and the man on my left thigh are?'' 
 The man replies '' I dunno but the one in the middle looks like Willie Nelson.''  
','0');
Golfing in the Woods
 
Q: These days what do you need to shoot to win a professional golf tournament?     
A: Tiger Woods.   
','0');
Bill Torres: Prejudice in the NBA

There's prejudice in the NBA. The 3-point shot: designed to keep the white man in the game.  
','0');
The Floor Is Your Friend

Why should volleyballers work at the cemetery? 
 
 They're good at digging!  
','0');
Liverpool Football

Q: What is the difference between Liverpool football and a tea bag?
 
 A: The tea bag stays in the cup longer.  
','0');
What Men Want
 
  More beer. More cheese. More sex.  Vitamin fortified cigars.  Public beer fountains.  Kitty catapults.  All day happy hour at a lesbian Hooters.  Wet T-shirt Fridays.  Replace NFL linebackers with genetically bred velociraptors.  Rocket boots.  Machine gun camp.  NASA space shuttle races.  Sledgehammer boxing.  Girlfriend TiVO so you can pause, rewind, and delete arguments. Congressional pie fights.  Government research grants to build the perfect chicken parmesan hero.  More beer. More cheese. More sex.  Tomahawk missile surf boards.  Hot tub jury boxes. Nacho cheese lipstick.  Personal midget-ninja chauffeurs.  New TV shows: PBS' The BBQ Hour, Total Kung-Fu Live, and America's Funniest Farts. 24-hour, on call UN negotiator for when you stumble home late, drunk, with lipstick stains on your collar.  More beer. More cheese. More sex.  Condoms that whistle, whir, and honk when used.  Inflatable sex dolls who cook.  Beef jerky business cards.  Combination briefcase/pizza oven.  National Make-Out with Cheerleaders Day.  Art museums dedicated to framing copy-machine faxes of asses.  Robot gloves for crushing kegs of beer.  Karaoke   ejector   stages.  Opera glasses that broadcast ESPN.  The Astronaut Reserves.  Porno without all the   talking   filler.  Head banging elevated to   fine art  .  All money spent on women tax deductible!  Free BBQ buffet at the DMV.  Passports to Margaritaville.  The ability to telepathically force anyone to belch on the spot.  One   Get Out of the Doghouse   card.  
','0');
Top 15: Why Hockey is Better than Sex
 
 It's legal to earn money playing hockeyMany people play hockey even after they're marriedThe puck's always hardThe protective equipment is reusableIt lasts at least an hourA two-on-one or a three-on-one is not uncommonYou always know how big the stick isYou can clean your stick in public without anyone mindingYou can change players on the flyYou don't have to be embarrassed if you don't get the puck upEveryone is finished when the buzzer sounds Your parents cheer when you scorePeriods last only 20 minutesYou're sure to get it at least twice a week You can tell your friends about it afterwards  
','0');
Fishing Line

There's a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore looking like an idiot.  
','0');
The Engineer at the Golf Course
 
A pastor a doctor and an engineer wait for a particularly slow group of golfers. The engineer fumes   What's with these guys? We've been waiting for 15 minutes!  
 
 The pastor says   Hey here comes the groundskeeper. Let's have a word with him.  
 
   Say George what's with that group ahead of us? They're rather slow aren't they?   the doctor asks.
 
 The groundskeeper tells them that the other golfers are a group of blind firefighters who lost their sight saving the clubhouse from a fire and that they come and play for free whenever they want.
 
 The group is silent for a moment.
 
 The pastor says   That's so sad. I will say a special prayer for them tonight.  
 
 The doctor says   Good idea. I'm going to contact my ophthalmologist buddy and see if there's anything he can do for them.  
 
 The engineer says   Why can't these guys play at night?     
','0');
Sister Anne's Reward
 
Sitting by the window in her convent Sister Anne noticed a shabbily dressed stranger leaning against a lamppost below.
 
 Quickly she wrote   Don't despair Sister Anne   on a piece of paper wrapped a $10 bill in it and dropped it out the window.
 
 The stranger picked it up and with a puzzled expression and a tip of his hat went off down the street.
 
 The next day Sister Anne was told that a man was at the door insisting on seeing her. She went down and found the stranger waiting. Without a word he handed her a roll of bills.
 
   What's this?   she asked.
 
   That's the $60 bucks you won. Don't Despair paid five to one!     
','0');
Yankees -vs- Red Sox
 
A teacher asks her students if they're Yankees fans. All of the hands go up except for one student.
   Okay, Bobby. What team are you a fan of?  
   The Red Sox.  
   Why's that?  
   Well, my parents are both Red Sox fans, so I'm a Red Sox fan too.  
   That's not a good answer, Bobby. If your parents were both morons, would you be a moron too?  
   No, that would make me a Yankees fan!     
','0');
Baseball Field
 
Q: What goes all the way around a baseball field but never moves?  
A: The fence.   
','0');
Speeding to the Chicago Bear

Did you hear the new penalty for speeding in Illinois? 
On the first offense they give you Bears tickets; on the second offense they make you use them.   
','0');
English
 Irish & Scottish Football 
An Englishman a Scotsman and an Irishman are wandering through the desert hungry and hallucinating when they come upon a rotting dead camel.  
  Well,   said the Englishman.   I support the Liverpool football club, so I'll eat the liver.   
  I support the Hearts club,   said the Scotsman.   I'll eat the heart.   
  I support Arsenal,   said the Irishman.   But I seem to have lost my appetite.      
','0');
Yeah
 That Would Happen
There once was a man who decided to go scuba diving one day.  So he went to the deepest part of the beach got on his gear and went underwater.    He decides to go down 20 feet and there he sees another guy with no equipment on.  The man thought this was strange but we forgot about it and went down another 20 feet.  There he sees the same guy down there with no gear on.  But the man decided to forget about it and go down another 20 feet.    When he does he sees the same guy 60 feet underwater with no gear on.  Finally the man writes a note asking this guy how he can go so deep underwater without any gear.  The guy writes back ''Because I'm drowning a**hole!''  
','0');
The Wizard of Oz
 
George W. Bush Dick Cheney Colin Powell and Bill Clinton were on the yellow brick road going to see the Wizard of Oz. When they got there the Wizard of Oz said they could each have one wish.  ''I want to have brains'' said George W. POOF! He got some brains.      
''I want to have a heart,'' said Dick Cheney. POOF! He had a heart (albeit a problematic one.) 
''I want to have courage,'' said Colin Powell. POOF! He had courage.      
Finally it was former President, Bill Clinton's turn. ''Well, what do you want?'' asked the Wizard.    
Clinton thought a moment and asked,  ''Ummm... Is Dorothy around?''   
','0');
Too Much Wrestling
 
* You wonder why singers Sting Wolf Blitzer and Bryan Adams stole  wrestlers' names   
*  You only come out of your room if your theme music is playing  
*  When your boss is pissing you off you kick him and give him a stunner  
 *  You always end a speech with, ''That's the bottom line 'cuz John said so!'' or ''If you smellllll what John is cooking!'' 
  * Your new wardrobe consists of more multi-colored bicep tassles, tights, and capes 
*  If there's one beer left you suggest it should be suspended from the ceiling and the winner has to climb a stepladder to get it 
*  Whenever you see someone lying on the floor you get the urge to put him in the sharpshooter 
   
','0');
A Nun and Her Donkey
 
A nun wanted to enter a racehorse into a race but then she realized that they cost way too much money so instead she bought a donkey.   
The next day, she enters it into a contest, and it comes in third.  
The headlines read, ''Nun's Ass Chokes.''   
The next day, she entered it in another competition and this time it came in first.  
The headlines were, ''Nun's Ass Wins Grand Prize.''  
 The following day, the owner scratched the donkey from the race. 
 The headlines read, ''Booker Scratches Nun's Ass.''  
 And on the next day, the nun sold the donkey for a really cheap price. 
 The headlines were ''Nun Sells Her Ass for $5.''   
','0');
Hurricane and the Coconut Tree

What did the hurricane say to the coconut tree?  
 
   Hang on to your nuts here comes one heck of a blow job.  
','0');
Tyson Movie Deal
 
Did you know that Mike Tyson is to appear in the next Batman movie?       
He's the Nibbler!     
','0');
Yankee Fans' Commute
 
Two Yankees fans are on a train up to Boston to watch their team play the Red Sox. They start making fun of a couple of Red Sox supporters who only have one ticket between the two of them. 
Just before the conductor appears both Red Sox fans go into the bathroom and lock the door behind them. When the conductor knocks on the door they slip the ticket under the door, the conductor clips it and slides it back under the door and off he goes. 
On the return journey the Yankees fans decide to pull the same trick and purchase only one ticket for the two of them. They notice that yet again the two Red Sox supporters only have one ticket between them. The Yankees fans realize there is only one bathroom per carriage and quickly take the lead, locking themselves in first, leaving the Red Sox fans with nowhere to go. 
A minute later the Red Sox fan without a ticket strolls over to the bathroom and knocks on the door.   
','0');
Bee Sting

A woman at a golf course begins yelling ''I've been stung by a bee!'' Her golf instructor asks her where she had been stung. ''Between the first and second hole'' she replies. The golf instructor tells her ''Oh your stance is too wide.''  
','0');
The Golfer's Confession
 
A man goes to the confessional.   Forgive me father for I have sinned.   
  What is your sin, my child?   The priest asks back. 
  Well,   the man starts,   I used some horrible language this week and feel absolutely terrible.   
  When did you do use this awful language?   said the priest. 
  I was golfing and hit an incredible drive that looked like it was going to go over 250 yards, but it struck a phone line that was hanging over the fairway and fell straight down to the ground after going only about 100 yards.   
  Is that when you swore?   
  No, Father.   Said the man. 
  After that, a squirrel ran out of the bushes and grabbed my ball in his mouth and began to run away.   
Is THAT when you swore?   asked the Father again. 
  Well, no.   said the man,   You see, as the squirrel was running, an eagle came down out of the sky, grabbed the squirrel in his talons and began to fly away!   
  Is THAT when you swore?   asked the amazed Priest. 
  No, not yet.   The man replied.   As the eagle carried the squirrel away in his claws, it flew  towards the green. And as it passed over a bit of forest near the green, the squirrel dropped my ball.   
  Did you swear THEN?   asked the now impatient Priest. 
  No, because as the ball fell it struck a tree, bounced through some bushes, careened off a big rock, and rolled through a sand trap onto the green and stopped within six inches of the hole.   
  You missed the f**king putt, didn't you?   sighed the Priest.   
','0');
Tiger Woods and Princess Di
 
What does Tiger Woods have that Princess Diana didn't? 
 
 A good driver.   
','0');
Super Bowl
 
A guy finally got tickets to the Super Bowl but his seats were in the nosebleed section -- but he didn't care he had always dreamed of going to the Super Bowl. So he wants to find a seat closer to where he can see better. He finds this seat toward the front and he asks the guy next to it whether anyone is sitting there.  
The guy replies,   No, because my wife just died.   
  
  Well,   says the first man,   why didn't you just bring a friend or relative?    
The guy replied,   Oh, they're all at the funeral.     
','0');
Texas A&M Nativity Loss

Q: Why couldn't Texas A&amp;M put on a nativity scene?
 
 A: Because they couldn't find three wise men or a virgin.  
','0');
Fred Wolf: Trophy Shop

We're in this trophy shop right? There's trophies everywhere shelves and shelves of trophies. My dad looks around and goes 'This guy's really good.'  
','0');
Sports and Virility
 
One sportsman goes up to a non-athletic man and says   If you aren't into sports then you are gay.   
The non-athletic man responds,   Okay, riddle me this, riddle me that, if you're into sports, then you are into slapping each others asses?     
','0');
Turbo-Charged Fashion
 
Did you hear about the lady at Wal-Mart that was trying on a Dale Earnhardt T-shirt?     
She hit the wall three times before she got  it off!   
','0');
Deep in the Fourth Quarter
 
Two hunters were stalking through the forest when one said to the other that he has to take a dump. His friend replies   Well go in the bushes.   
  What should I use to wipe my ass?   he asks. 
  Use a dollar bill,   his friend says. 
A few minutes later, the hunter steps out of the bushes with s**t all over his hands. 
  What happened?   asked his friend. 
He replied,   I didn't have a dollar bill, so I used four quarters.     
','0');
Jock Booty Call... Unnecessary

Hey babe I hear you're into unnecessary roughness. High five! 
   
','0');
Jesus and Moses Play Golf
 
Jesus and Moses are playing golf and they''re on the tenth hole.  Moses hits the ball and it heads straight for a pond.  Just before the ball hits the water the pond parts and the ball rolls up onto the green.   
Jesus winds up and hits one about to the same spot.  Jesus' ball hits the water and skips across.  All of a sudden, lightning flashes and a ball drops from the sky.  A fish swallows it, a bird picks up the fish and drops the ball onto a turtle, that walks over to the hole and drops it in.  
Moses turns to Jesus and says, ''I hate it when your dad plays!''   
','0');
Jock Booty Call... Tight End

I'm looking for a tight end that plays like a wide receiver. High five!
   
','0');
Strange Bed Fellows
 
  There are three men in ahotel each wanting a room. 
 
 The porter of the hotel says, “All the rooms are bookedexcept for one room with a kingsize bed.” 
 
 The three men are too tired to go to another hotelso they decide to take the room. 
 
 The next morning, the three men wake up and the man on theleft side of the bed said, “Wow, I had vivid dream of getting a wonderous hand job.”
 
  The man on the rightsaid, “Yeah, me too.”  
 
 The man in the middle said, “You two are disgusting, I had an ordinary dreamthat I went Skiing.”    
','0');
Hockey Player vs. Magician
 
What do a hockey player and a magician have in common? 
Hat tricks.   
','0');
Steroid Breast Stroke
 
A female Olympic swimmer was talking with one of her teammates about using steroids. She claimed that she was going to quit taking them because she was growing hair in scary places. 
When her friend asked her where the hair was growing, she replied,   On my nuts.     
','0');
Foul-Mouthed Hockey
 
Q: What did the hockey goalie say to his teammate? 
 A:   Let's get the puck out of here!      
','0');
Jock Booty Call... Team

You mind if we double team? High five!
   
','0');
Chapped Lips
 
One roomate said to another  Man this morning I  woke up with white crud around my mouth.    
 His roomate replied   Oh that's my fault -- I guess I missed.      
','0');
Stanley Cup Suicide

Ron Hextal the Flyer's goalie was so upset about   losing the Stanley Cup that he decided to   commit suicide so he jumped out in front of a   bus.
 
  It went through his legs.  
','0');
Mike Tyson's Computer
 
Did you hear about the new Mike Tyson Computer?   
It has two bytes and no memory.   
','0');
Bad Boomerang

Q: What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? 
A: A stick.  
','0');
Jock Booty Call... Tossing

If you're tossing I'm going long. High five!
   
','0');
Smellin' Wood
 
Two brothers Bob and Tom both work for a lumberyard.  One day Bob tells Tom that he can tell what any piece of wood is just by smelling it.  Unbelieving Tom blindfolds Bob and proceeds to test the theory.  The first piece of wood Bob smells he instantly identifies as maple.  The second piece Bob instantly identifies as walnut.  Tom cannot believe Bob can really do this so he takes an old piece of wood and whispers to the secretary to rub the wood between her legs.  She happily runs it up in her crotch.  Tom hands the piece of wood to Bob.  Bob smells it three times. 
''I am stumped.  But I would have to guess that this wood is either a pussywillow or a shingle from a shithouse.''   
','0');
The Cork
 
A guy in the locker room saw another guy with a piece of cork up his ass. 
''Why do you have a cork up your ass?'' 
''Well, it's a long story. But one day I was walking on the beach and I tripped over a bottle and woke up a genie who said he would grant me one wish. I said, 'No s**t!'''   
','0');
Fishing Riddle
 
Q: On a sunny day two fathers and two sons went fishing. Each one of them caught one fish. When they went home there were only three fishes. How can that be?        
A: A grandfather, a father and a son went fishing.    
','0');
Two Prisoners
 Two Choices 
 
    Two explorers are flying over the Amazon. The Plane crashes and the local tribe captures them and takes them prisoner. The King brings the first prisoner in front of the whole tribe. He then asks   What do you choose death or Bondo?   
    The prisoner says,   Ichoose Bondo, I don't want to die.   
    The crowd chants,   BONDO,BONDO UBEO UBEO Then a huge, well-endowed man comes out and screws him and the guy screams. 
    Meanwhile the other guy sees this. Then the king calls for the second prisoner. He comes out and says,   I saw what happened. I choose death.   
    The Kings says,   No one has chosen death before. He looks at the crowd and asks how the prisoner should die.   
    They shout   DEATH BY BONDO!     
','0');
The Truth About Baseball
 
Why did the professional baseball player cross the road? 
Because his gigantic ass commanded him to.   
','0');
Grosser Than Gross... Basketball
 
Q: Why is basketball the grossest sport there is?   
A: The players dribble all over the court.   
','0');
Walking on Water
 
A Catholic priest a Baptist preacher and a rabbi fish in a lake. The preacher has to use the bathroom so he walks across the water does his business and walks back. Then the rabbi has to go so he walks across the water does his business and walks back.
 
 The Catholic has to go but when he gets out he falls into the water. He swims back gets back into the boat and says   God let me walk across the water.   He tries again and falls into the water swims back tries again and falls again.
 
 The Baptist leans over to the rabbi and asks   Do you think we should tell him where the stepping stones are?     
','0');
Three Men and a Bed
 
Three guys walk into a motel and find out there is only one room with only one bed. Since it's the only motel in town the guys decide to share the bed.  They get to their room squeeze in and fall asleep. 
The next morning, the guy on the left side of the bed wakes up and says,   I had the craziest dream about getting the best handjob of my life.   
The guy on the right side says,   That's incredible - I had the same dream!   
Then the guy in the middle wakes up and says,   Wow, I had the weirdest dream!    The other two guys nod their heads in anticipation.  
  I was cross-country skiing really, really fast...     
','0');
Senior Golf Logic
 
A foursome of senior golfers hit the course with waning enthusiasm.   These hills are getting steeper as the years go by   one complained.  
  These fairways seem to be getting longer too,   said one of the others.  
  The sand traps seem to be bigger than I remember them too,   said the third senior.  
After hearing enough from his senior buddies, the oldest and wisest of the four of them, at 87 years old, piped up and said,   Just be thankful we're still on the right side of the grass!     
','0');
Girls Playing Hockey
 
Q: Why can't girls play hockey?    
A: Their pads can't last three periods.    
','0');
Top 10 Man-gina/She-nis Activities
 
Things a Man Would Do if He Woke up with a Vagina
 10. Immediately go shopping for a vibrator    
 9. Squat over a hand-held mirror for an hour and a half    
 8. See if he could finally do a split    
 7. See if it's truly possible to launch a ping-pong ball 20 feet    
 6. Cross his legs without rearranging his crotch    
 5. Get picked up in a bar in less than 20 minutes   
 4. Have consecutive multiple orgasms and still be ready for more without sleeping first    
 3. Go to the gynecologist for a pelvic exam and ask to have it recorded on video    
 2. Sit on the edge of the bed and pray for breasts too    
 1. Finally find that damn G-Spot   
Things a Woman Would Do if She Woke up with a Penis
 10. Get ahead faster in the corporate world    
 9. Get a blowjob    
 8. Find out what is so fascinating about   beating the meat      
 7. Pee standing up    
 6. Determine WHY you can't hit the bowl consistently    
 5. Find out what it is like to be on the other end of a surging orgasm    
 4. Touch/shift herself in public without a thought as to how improper it might seem    
 3. Jump up and down naked with an erection to see if  it feels as funny as it looks    
 2. Understand the scientific reason for the light refraction that occurs between a man's eyes and the ruler situated next to his member, which causes two inches to be added to the final measurement     
 1. Repeat #9   
','0');
Unfaithful Wives
 
Paddy and his two friends are talking at a bar.  
His first friend says:   I think my wife is having an affair with the electrician. The other day I came home and found wire cutters under our bed and they weren't mine.    
His second friend says:   I think my wife is having an affair with the plumber. The other day I found a wrench under the bed and it wasn't mine.   
Paddy says:   I think my wife is having an affair with a horse.   Both his friends look at him with utter disbelief. 
  No, I'm serious. The other day I came home and found a jockey under our bed.     
','0');
The Three Chinese Tortures,
One day a man goes into a hotel and asks for a room to stay in. The manager gives him a room and warns him not to mess around with his daughter or he'll get the “Three Chinese Tortures.” On his way to his room the man sees the manager's daughter. She's very beautiful and he figures he'll endure whatever he has to. So he has his way with the daughter and retires to his room. 
The next morning when he wakes up he finds a rock on his chest. There is a note on it, reading: “FIRST CHINESE TORTURE: ROCK ON CHEST.” The man laughs and throws the rock out the window. Then he sees a sign on the nightstand that says: “''SECOND CHINESE TORTURE: LEFT NUT TIED TO ROCK.” He goes flying out the window afte the rock but, as he does, he spots a sign on the windowsill that proclaims: “THIRD CHINESE TORTURE: RIGHT NUT TIED TO BED POST.”  
','0');
Keep Gabby Reece Away, 
  Don't trust volleyball players with your drinks.  

  Why?  

  They might spike 'em.     
','0');
Golfing and Skydiving, 
Q: What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver?

A: A golfer goes   whack   and yells,   Damn!  , while a skydiver yells,   Damn!   and goes   whack.     
','0');
Texas Sphincters, 
On the seventh day, God said,   Let there be football.    

And it was good.  
 
Later that day, God said,   Let there be one team to rule the others and set the standard for   excellence.    
 
With that, he plucked a star from the heavens and placed it on the helmet of silver and blue.       

God said,   Let it be called, ''The Dallas Cowboys'' - America''s team.  
 
Later that day, God said,   Even Cowboys need a**holes.  
 
So he made their fans.   
','0');
There were these two old guys..., 
There were two old guys, Abe and Sol, sitting on a bench in a park feeding pigeons and talking about baseball, just like they did every day.

Abe turns to Sol and says,   Do you think there's baseball in heaven?   

Soloman thinks about it for a minute and replies,   I dunno, Abe. But let's make a deal: If I die first, I will come back and tell you -- and if you die first, you come back and tell me -- if there is baseball in heaven.   

They shake on it and, sadly, a few months later poor Abe passes on. 
 
One day soon afterward, Sol is sitting there feeding the pigeons by himself when he hears a voice whisper,   Sol... Sol....   
 
Sol responds,   Abe! Is that you?  
 
  Yes it is Sol,   whispers the spirit of Abe. 
 
Sol, still amazed, asks,   So, is there baseball in heaven?   
 
  Well,   says Abe says,   I got good news and I got bad news.   
 
  Gimme the good news first,   says Sol.
 
Abe says,   Well... there is baseball in heaven.  
 
Sol says,   That's great! What news could be bad enough to ruin that!?   
 
Abe sighs and whispers,   You're pitching on Friday.     
','0');
You Bet Your (Sex) Life, 
A golfer is in a competitive match with a friend, who is ahead by a couple of strokes.  The golfer says to
himself,   I'd give anything to sink this next putt.  
 
A stranger walks up to him and whispers,   Would you give up a fourth of  your sex life?   
 
The golfer thinks the man is crazy and that his answer will be meaningless, but also that perhaps this is a good omen, so he says,   Okay,   and sinks the putt. 
 
Two holes later he mumbles to himself,   Boy, if I could only get an eagle on this hole.   
 
The same stranger moves to his side and says,   Would it be worth another fourth of your sex life?   
 
The golfer shrugs and says,   Sure.   
 
He makes an eagle.
 
On the final hole, the golfer needs yet another eagle to win.

Though he says nothing, the stranger moves to his side and says,   Would you be willing to give up the rest of your sex life to win this match?   

The golfer says,   Certainly!    He makes the eagle.
 
As the golfer walks to the club house, the stranger walks alongside and says,   You know, I've really not been fair with you because you don't know who I am. I'm the devil, and from now on you will have no sex life.   
 
  Nice to meet you,   says the golfer.   My name's Father O'Malley.     