The pope and a lawyer are on the elevator...
 
The pope and a lawyer are on the elevator to heaven. When they arrive at the gates there's a mad rush of angels saints and other holy people on their way to greet them.  
When they arrive they pick the lawyer up on their shoulders and carry him off cheering hysterically. The pope is deeply saddened.  
St. Peter sees this and goes over to him and says   Don't feel bad. We get popes in here all the time it's not every day we get a lawyer.     
','0');
Lawyer and the Skunk
 
What's the difference between a dead skunk lying in the road and a dead lawyer lying in the road?  
 
 There are skid marks in front of the skunk.   
','0');
Disarming the Guard
 
Lem:   I got fired from my job as a bank guard.   
Clem:   That's awful. What happened?   
Lem:   Well, a thief came in, and I drew my gun. I told him that if he took one more step, I'd let him have it.       
Clem:   What did the thief do then?   
Lem:   He took one more step, so I let him have it. I didn't want that stupid gun anyway.     
','0');
Substituting Rats for Lawyers
 
Why is the N.I.H. (National Institute of Health)   substituting rats with lawyers for lab tests?  
 Three reasons:    
 1. There are more lawers then rats.
   2. When rats die many lab techies feel bad for   them.
   3. There are some things a rat will not do.
    
','0');
Prison Carpenter
 
Several years ago Andy was sentenced to prison. During his stay he got along well with the guards and all his fellow inmates.  The warden saw that deep down Andy was a good person and made arrangements for Andy to learn a trade while doing his time.   
After 3 years, Andy was recognized as one of the best carpenters in the local area. Often he would be given a weekend pass to do odd jobs for the citizens of the community, and he always reported back to prison before Sunday night was over.     
The warden was thinking of remodeling his kitchen and in fact had done much of the work himself.  But he lacked the skills to build a set of kitchen cupboards and a large counter top which he had promised his wife.  So he called Andy into his office and asked him to complete the job for him.    But, alas, Andy refused. He told the warden, ''Gosh, I'd really like to help you but counter fitting is what got me into prison in the first place.''   
','0');
Graveyard Salon
 
Q: What was the name of the hair salon next to the graveyard? 
A: Curl Up and Dye.    
','0');
The Hit and Run Case
 
A very successful lawyer parked his brand-new Lexus in front of his office ready to show it off to his colleagues. As he got out a truck passed too close and completely tore the door off of the driver's side.   The counselor immediately grabbed his cell phone dialed 911 and within   minutes a policeman pulled up.   
Before the officer had a chance to ask any questions, the lawyer started screaming hysterically.  His Lexus, which he had just picked up the day before, was now completely ruined and would never be the same, no matter what the body shop did to it.    
When the lawyer finally wound down from his ranting and raving, the officer shook his head in disgust and disbelief. 
   I can't believe how materialistic you lawyers are,   he said.   You are so focused on your possessions that you don't notice anything else.    
    How can you say such a thing?   asked the lawyer.   
The cop replied,   Don't you know that your left arm is missing from the elbow down?  It must have been torn off when the truck hit you.    
    Ahhh!   screamed the lawyer.   Where's my Rolex!       
','0');
A good lawyer knows the law a great lawyer ...

A good lawyer knows the law; a great lawyer knows the judge.  
','0');
Lawyers vs. Vampires

Q: What's the difference between a lawyer and a vampire?
 
 A: A vampire only sucks blood at night.  
','0');
A Lawyer and A Politician
 
What do you get when you cross a corrupt lawyer with a crooked politician?    
 Chelsea Clinton.   
','0');
Brainless Lawyers
 
In a murder trial the defense attorney was cross-examining the coroner:
 
   Before you signed the death certificate did you take the pulse listen to the heart or check for breathing?  
 
   No.  
 
   So when you signed the death certificate you weren't sure the man was dead were you?  
 
   Well the man's brain was in a jar on my desk but I suppose he could have still been practicing law for a living.     
','0');
Black and Brown

Q: What's black and brown and looks good on a lawyer?
 
 A: A Doberman pinscher.  
','0');
Workplace Farting: Options Explored
 
Whether the cause is a previous night of drinking or a big lunch the outcome is the same: Farts.  
Seventy percent of the time, we can dispense freely. The other 30% of the time, such as at work, we have some tough decisions to make. This document is intended to help you in those decisions.  
  Holders - The obvious choice is just plain holding it in. A popular choice among the females and an almost impossible choice for males. I am not in favor of holding, as I believe the medical community has not done enough research about the long-term damage of holding. Really, where does it go if you hold it in? So be forewarned, using this tactic is to be done at your own risk.  
  Desk Jockey -  When deciding to release right at your desk, one has many factors to consider: 
 - Do you have your own office? Feel free to fart at will risk free. After commencing, I highly recommend locking the door and feigning you are not in the office to avoid any unwanted visitors. I also highly recommend against spraying air freshener, as the smell of the freshener is a dead giveaway. Candles are a good alternative solution for the females.  
- Are you seated at a cubicle or open desk? If so, one has to consider the proximity of the other workers and the density of workers in the area. If it is just you and one other person in the area, there is nowhere to place the blame. If others are fairly distant to you, the smell will dissipate by the time it reaches the others on all but the most egregious of days. There is always the chance of dispensing at higher decibels than anticipated due to the highly unstable nature of farts. In these most unfortunate situations, you will have to use cover up sounds such as scraping your heal on the floor. I recommend practicing making sounds covering a wide range of tones and pitches in anticipation of such an event. Dropping objects such as staplers, binders and tape may not produce a similar sound, but if done in rapid succession could distract others from the initial event.  
 Meetings: - Sometimes the urge strikes at the most inopportune time. Meetings and gas really do not mix. Releasing at a meeting is by far the trickiest of all the situations one could find oneself in. Although I am against holding in general, a meeting may be the time for it. It really depends if you have established baseline farts before the meeting. This will give you a sense of the decibel and scent level of what is to be expected. Warning: Do not ever use a meeting as the place to establish a baseline. Of course none of the above applies if you are meeting with vendors. You have free reign to do whatever you like.  
 Aisle Walker: - Releasing while walking around the office is a popular option. By the time the scent disseminates, you should be nowhere near the scene of the incident. The added benefit is that if the release is done at higher decibels than anticipated, you can break out into an all out sprint thereby fleeing the scene before others even look up to notice.  
 Broom Closet: - One option is to find a broom closet and release inside the closet. The only drawback is explaining why you were in the broom closet if you are caught entering or leaving the closet. I found stashing stationery supplies in the closet provides a nice excuse. People will love you for informing them about the backup stationery supply cabinet. Of course, you then have to find another closet, as your original place will become too risky. 
 And remember, if you're workplace has many open flames, you are on your own.   
','0');
The Reason Why I Fired My Secretary
 
Two weeks ago was my forty-fifth birthday and I wasn't feeling too hot that morning anyway. I went to breakfast knowing my wife would be pleasant and say ?Happy Birthday? and probably have a present for me.  
She didn't even say ?Good Morning,? alone any ?Happy Birthday.? I thought, ?Well, that's wives for you. Maybe the children will remember.? 
The children came in to breakfast and didn't say a word.     
When I started to the office I was feeling pretty low and despondent. As I walked into my office, my secretary, Janet, said, ?Good morning boss, Happy Birthday.?  And I felt a little better; someone had remembered.  
I worked until noon. Then Janet knocked on my door and said, ?You know, it's such a beautiful day outside and it's your birthday, let's go to lunch, just you and me.? I said, ?By George, that's the best thing I've heard all day. Let's go.?  
We went to lunch. We didn't go where we normally go; we went out into the country to a little private place. We had two martinis and enjoyed lunch tremendously.  
On the way back to the office, she said, ?You know, it's such a beautiful day. We don't need to go back to the office, do we?? I said, ?No, I guess not.? She said, ?Let's go to my apartment.? After arriving at her apartment she said, ?Boss, if you don't mind, I think I'll go into the bedroom and slip into something more comfortable.?  
?Sure,? I excitedly replied. She went into the bedroom and, in about six minutes, she came out carrying a big birthday cake, followed by my wife, children and dozens of our friends. All were singing ?Happy Birthday? and there on the couch I sat... naked.   
','0');
Oh
 Those Darn Lawyers 
Two lawyers Jon and Amanpreet head out for their usual 9 holes of golf.  Jon offers Amanpreet a $50 bet.   Amanpreet agrees and they're off.      They shoot a great game.  After the 8th hole Amanpreet is ahead by one stroke but cuts his ball into the rough on the 9th.  
''Help me find my ball.  Look over there,'' he says to Jon.    After a few minutes, neither has any luck. Since a lost ball carries a four point penalty, Amanpreet secretly pulls a ball from his pocket and tosses it to the ground.  ''I've found my ball!'' he announces.     
''After all of the years we've been partners and playing together,   Jon says,   you'd cheat me out of a lousy 50 bucks?''     
''What do you mean, cheat?  I found my ball sitting right there!'' 
''And you're a liar, too!'' Jon says.  ''I'll have you know I've been STANDING on your ball for the last five minutes!''   
','0');
Under the Apron

Q: What does the baker have under his apron?
 
 A: Dough nuts.  
','0');
Lawyer Stamps

Q: Why did the post office recall the new lawyer stamps?
 
 A: People wouldn't lick them.  
','0');
Sharing
 
A Frenchman an Englishman an American man and a lawyer were sitting on a train.   
The Frenchman offered everyone some of his baguette, then threw it out the window, saying,   Don't worry - we have plenty of those where I come from.       
The Englishman offered everyone a crumpet, then threw the rest out of the window, saying,   Don't worry - we have plenty of those where I come from.       
Then the American threw the lawyer out the window, saying...   
','0');
Lawyers and Walls

Q: How many lawyers does it take to build a wall?
 
 A: Depends on how deep you stack them.  
','0');
Lion
 Tiger Lawyer Elevator
Q: You are stuck in an elevator with a tiger a lion and a lawyer. You have a gun with just two bullets in it. What do you do?
 A: Shoot the lawyer twice to make sure he''s dead.  
','0');
Plumber's Job

Q: What does a plumber need to know about his job?
 
 A: Sh*t runs downhill and payday is on Friday.  
','0');
A Horoscope For The Workplace
 
ASTROLOGY: tells us about   you and your future simply by your birthday. The Chinese Zodiac uses the year of your birth. Demographics tell us what you like dislike whom you vote for what you buy and what you watch on TV. Well the Corporate Zodiac goes a step further: simply by your job title people will have you all figured out... 
MARKETING: You are ambitious yet stupid. You chose a marketing degree to avoid having to study in college, concentrating instead on drinking and socializing, which is pretty much what your job responsibilities are now. Least compatible with Sales. 
SALES: Laziest of all signs, often referred to as   marketing without a degree,   you are also self-centered and paranoid. Unless someone calls you and begs you to take their money, you like to avoid contact with   customers   so you can   concentrate on the big  picture.   You seek admiration for your golf game throughout your life. 
TECHNOLOGY: Unable to control anything in your personal life, you are  instead content to completely control everything that happens at your workplace. Often even YOU don't understand what you are saying, but who the hell can tell?! It is written that the geeks shall inherit the Earth. 
ENGINEERING: One of only two signs that actually studied in school, it is said that ninety percent of all personal ads are placed by engineers. You can be happy with yourself: your office is typically full of all the latest   ergodynamic   gadgets. However, we all know what is really causing your   carpal tunnel  ... 
ACCOUNTING: The only other sign that studied in school, you are mostly immune from office politics. You are the most feared person in the organization; combined with your extreme organizational traits, the  majority of rumors concerning you say that you are completely insane. 
HUMAN RESOURCES: Ironically, given your access to confidential information, you tend to be the biggest gossip within the organization. Possibly the only other person that does less work than marketing, you are unable to return any calls today because you have to get a haircut,  have lunch, and mail a letter! 
MIDDLE MANAGEMENT/DEPARTMENT MANAGEMENT/  TEAM LEADS  : Catty, cut-throat, yet completely spineless, you are destined to remain at your current job for the rest of your life.   Unable to make a single decision you tend to measure your worth by the number of meetings  you can schedule for yourself. Best suited to marry other   Middle Managers,   as everyone in your social circle is a   Middle Manager.   
SENIOR MANAGEMENT: Catty, cut-throat, yet completely spineless, you are destined to remain at your current job for  the rest of your life. Unable to make a single decision you tend to measure your worth by the number of meetings you can schedule for yourself. Best suited to marry other   Senior Managers,   as everyone in your social circle is a   Senior  Manager.   
CUSTOMER SERVICE: Bright, cheery, positive, you are a fifty-cent cab ride from taking your own life. As a child very few of you asked your parents for a little cubicle for your room and a headset so you  could pretend to play   Customer Service.   Continually passed over for  promotions, your best bet is to sleep with your boss.   
','0');
Lawyer and Sperm

Q: What do a lawyer and a sperm have in common?
 
 A: Both have about a one in 3 million chance of becoming a human being.  
','0');
Ruben Paul: A Woman With a Good Job

If you meet a woman with a good job you don't even have to ask her what she does she'll tell you. I saw this girl I went to high school with 'Oh Michelle what's up girl? How you doing?' 'You know I'm a lawyer now.'  
','0');
Yo' Mama Is So Stupid... Sex?
 
Yo' Mama is so stupid when she got to the sex question on the job application she wrote   not lately.     
','0');
It was so cold today I saw a lawyer with his ...

It was so cold today I saw a lawyer with his hands in his own pockets.  
','0');
Special Lawyer Treatment
 
A lawyer dies and goes to the end of a long line at the Pearly Gates. To his surprise St. Peter leaves his desk walks over and greets him warmly. An angel takes the lawyer by the hand guides him to the front of the line and settles him into a comfortable chair.
 
 The lawyer says   I appreciate all this attention but what makes me so special?  
 
 St. Peter replies   Well we've added up all the hours that you billed your clients and by my calculation you must be about 193 years old!     
','0');
Written Job Application
 
Two young men with equal qualifications apply for the same job. In order to determine which individual to hire the manager gives them a written test.
 
 Both men score nine out of 10 on the test; however the manager decides to go with the first applicant.
 
   Why would you do that?   asks the rejected second  applicant.   We both got nine questions correct.  
 
   Your fellow applicant wrote 'I don't know' for question five. You put down 'Neither do I.'     
','0');
When Can I Get That Haircut?
 
A shady-looking guy sticks his head into a barbershop and asks   How long before I can get a haircut?  
 
 The barber looks around the shop and says   About two hours.   The guy smiles and leaves.
 
 The barber looks over at a friend in the shop and says   Hey Bill follow that guy and see where he goes.   In a little while Bill comes back into the shop.
 
   Bill where did he go when he left here?  
 
   To your house.     
','0');
Hellacious

Why'd the lawyer go to Heaven? 
 Hell was full.  
','0');
Bill Gates' Honeymoon

After Bill Gates wedding night his wife finally knew why he called his company Microsoft.  
','0');
Lawyer Croaks
 
A guy phones a law firm and says   I want to speak to my lawyer.   The receptionist says   I'm sorry but your lawyer died last week.   The next day the same guy phones the law firm and says   I want to speak to my lawyer.   Once again the receptionist replies   I'm sorry but your lawyer died last week.    
The next day the guy makes his regular call to the law firm and say,   I want to speak to my lawyer.     Excuse me sir,   the receptionist says,   but this is third time I've had to tell you that your lawyer died last week. Why do you keep calling?   The guy replies,   Because I love hearing it!     
','0');
The Brass Rat
 
A man walked into a curio store and was shopping   around.  After awhile he chose a brass rat and   brought it up to the counter.  
  That will be $10 for the brass rat and   $1,000 for the story behind it,   said the proprietor. 
  Thanks, but I'll just pay the $10 and pass on   the story.   He purchased the brass rat and left   the store.  As he was walking down the street,   he started noticing all sorts of rats following   him.  The further he walked, the more rats   followed.  He walked down to the wharf and still   more rats came out and followed him.  So, he   decided to walk out into the water,  all the rats drowned.  He returned to the   store shortly.  
  Ah-ha!   said the proprietor.   You've come back for the story, right?   
  Nope,   said the man.   You have any brass lawyers?     
','0');
Shady Conceptions

Did you know that you can get a woman pregnant   from anal intercourse?   
    That's how lawyers are made.    
','0');
Lyin' Lawyer Laffs

How can you tell when a lawyer is about to lie?   
  His lips start moving.  
','0');
What Not to Say in the Workplace

-- I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter.
 -- I have plenty of talent and vision. I just don't care.
 -- I'm not being rude. You're just insignificant.
 -- I will always cherish the initial misconceptions I had about you.
 -- It might look like I'm doing nothing but at the cellular level I'm really quite busy.
 -- I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
 -- I don't have an attitude problem. You have a perception problem.   
','0');
Lawyers and Water Fowl

Q: What can a goose do that a duck can't do and a lawyer should do?
 
 A: Stick his bill up his ass.  
','0');
People Really Said These Things In Court
 
Q: What is your date of birth? 
   A: July fifteenth. 
   Q: What year?  
  A: Every year.  
 
   Q: This myasthenia gravis - does it affect your memory at all?  
  A: Yes. 
   Q: And in what ways does it affect your memory?  
  A: I forget.  
  Q: You forget. Can you give us an example of something that you've forgotten?  
 
   Q: All your responses must be oral okay? What school did you go to? 
   A: Oral.   
 
    Q: How old is your son - the one living with you. 
   A: Thirty-eight or thirty-five I can't remember which. 
   Q: How long has he lived with you?  
  A: Forty-five years.   
 
   Q: What was the first thing your husband said to you when he woke that morning?  
  A: He said   Where am I Cathy?     
 Q: And why did that upset you?   
 A: My name is Susan.   
 
    Q: Sir what is your IQ?   
 A: Well, I can see pretty well, I think.   
 
   Q: Do you know if your daughter has ever been involved in the voodoo occult? 
   A: We both do.  
  Q: Voodoo? 
   A: We do.  
  Q: You do?  
  A: Yes, voodoo.   
 
    Q: Now doctor, isn't it true that when a person dies in his sleep, he doesn't know about it until the next morning?  
 
  Q: The youngest son, the twenty-year old, how old is he?
 
   Q: Were you present when your picture was taken?  
Q: Was it you or your younger brother who was killed in the war?  
 Q: Did he kill you?  
  Q: How far apart were the vehicles at the time of the collision?   
 Q: You were there until the time you left, is that true?    
Q: How many times have you committed suicide?   
   Q: So the date of conception (of the baby) was August 8th? 
   A: Yes. 
   Q: And what were you doing at that time?  
 
   Q: She had three children, right?  
  A: Yes.  
  Q: How many were boys? 
   A: None. 
   Q: Were there any girls?   
 
    Q: You say the stairs went down to the basement?  
  A: Yes.  
  Q: And these stairs, did they go up also?  
   Q: Mr. Slattery, you went on a rather elaborate honeymoon, didn't you? 
   A: I went to Europe, sir. 
   Q: And you took your new wife?   
 
   Q: How was your first marriage terminated?   
 A: By death.   
 Q: And by whose death was it terminated?   
 
    Q: Can you describe the individual? 
   A: He was about medium height and had a beard.   
 Q: Was this a male, or a female?   
 
    Q: Is your appearance here this morning pursuant to a deposition notice which I sent to your attorney?  
  A: No, this is how I dress when I go to work.   
 
    Q: Doctor, how many autopsies have you performed on dead people?  
  A: All my autopsies are performed on dead people.  
  Q: Do you recall the time that you examined the body?  
  A: The autopsy started around 8:30 p.m.   
 Q: And Mr. Dennington was dead at the time?   
 A: No, he was sitting on the table wondering why I was doing an autopsy.     
','0');
The Test

A lawyer an engineer and a mathematician were called in for a test. 
 
 The engineer went in first and was asked ''''What is 2+2?'''' The engineer thought awhile and finally answered ''''4.''''   
 
    Then the mathemetician was called in and was asked the same question. With little thought he replied ''''4.0''''  
 
     Then the lawyer was called in and was asked the same question. The lawyer answered even quicker than the mathematician ''''What do you want it to be?''''  
','0');
Plastered Lawyers

Q: How many lawyers does it take to plaster a wall?
 
 A: It depends how hard you throw them.  
','0');
Safe Sex Lawyers

Q:  What do lawyers use as contraceptives?
 A:  Their personalities.  
','0');
Where do one legged people?
 
Where do one legged people work? 
IHOP!!   
','0');
Buried Lawyers

Q: What do you have when 100 lawyers are buried up to their necks in sand?
 
 A: Not enough sand.  
','0');
Deathbed Lawyer

Why was the lawyer skimming the Bible right before he died?   
  He was looking for loopholes!  
','0');
Mechanical vs. Chemical

Q: What's the difference between mechanical engineers and civil engineers?
 
 A: Mechanical engineers build weapons; civil engineers build targets.  
','0');
Lawyer Experiments

Q: Why have scientists started using lawyers for experiments instead of rats?
 
 A: They don't become so attached to the lawyers.  
','0');
Six and Five

Q: What has six boobs and five teeth?
 
 A: The night shift at Waffle House.  
','0');
The Vacuum Business Sucks
A vacuum salesman goes door-to-door in a new neighborhood. When a woman answers the door at the first house, the salesman walks right in and drops cow patties on her floor.

He says,   Ma'am, just to show you how confident I am in the quality of my vacuums, I'll eat whatever the vacuum doesn't pick up.  

The woman smiles and asks,   Could I get you some ketchup with that?  

The salesman scoffs confidently and says,   I assure you my vacuums have more power than any other on the market today!  

The woman replies,   Well, that may be so, but we just moved in and the electricity isn't turned on yet.     
','0');
What Do You Call?, 

What do you call a bus full of lawyers going over   a cliff with three empty seats?
    
A total waste of space!  
','0');
Drowning Lawyer

Q: How do you stop a lawyer from drowning?

A: Shoot him before he hits the water.  
','0');
Lawyer Brains

A doctor notices a sidewalk stand that says 'brains for sale.' He   goes over to investigate and sees a sign that says   'Doctor brains $8.00 a pound? and another sign that   says ?Paramedic brains $12.00 a pound, Nurses   brains $30.00 a pound, truck driver $40.00 a pound   and lawyers brains $90.00 a pound.?  
So he asks the man behind the cashregister, ?how   come his brains are only worth 8.00 and a lawyer's   worth 90.00?? 
The man replies, ?do you know how   many lawyers it takes to make a pound of brains??  
','0');
Lawyers Don't Get Fair Shakes,
95% of all lawyers give the rest a bad name!  
','0');
Skunks and Lawyers

Q: What's the difference between a dead skunk in the road and a dead lawyer in the road?

A: There are skid marks in front of the skunk.  
','0');
Lawyers' Word Processor
Q: Have you heard about the lawyers' word processor?

A: No matter what font you select, everything comes out in fine print.  
','0');
Lawyer in a Tree,
Q: How do you get a lawyer down from a tree?

A: Cut the rope.  
','0');